I'm not trying to honor you I'm trying to get you to run my kingdom while I eat, drink, and whore my way to an early grave Damn it, Ned, stand up You helped me win the Iron Throne, now help me keep the damn thing We were meant to rule together If your sister had lived, we would have been bound by blood Well, it's not too late I have a son, you have a daughter We'll join our Houses
Mmh It is true what they say about the Northern girls
Did you hear the king's in Winterfell?
I did hear something about that
And the queen And her twin brother They say that he is the most handsome man in the Seven Kingdoms
And the other brother?
The queen has two brothers?
There's the pretty one And there's the clever one
I hear they call him the Imp
I hear he hates that nickname
Oh? I hear he's more than earned it I hear he's a drunken little lecher into all manner of perversions
Clever girl
We've been expecting you, Lord Tyrion
Have you?
Have you?
The gods gave me one blessing
M'lord
Should I explain to you the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse, brother?
You've much to teach me, no doubt But our sister craves your attention
She has odd cravings, our sister
A family trait Now, the Starks are feasting us at sundown Don't leave me alone with these people
I'm sorry, I've begun the feast a bit early And this is the first of many courses
I thought you might say that But since we're short on time, Come on, girls See you at sundown
Close the door!Scene changes to the Winterfell crypt, at Lyanna's tomb
You might, if you knew what it meant I'd better get inside Rescue your father from his guests We'll talk later
Your uncle's in the Night's Watch
What're you doing back there?
Preparing for a night with your family I've always wanted to see the Wall
You're Tyrion Lannister The queen's brother?
My greatest accomplishment You ' you're Ned Stark's bastard, aren't you?
My greatest accomplishment You ' you're Ned Stark's bastard, aren't you?
Did I offend you? Sorry You are the bastard, though
Lord Eddard Stark is my father
And Lady Stark is not your mother Making you a bastard Let me give you some advice, bastard Never forget what you are The rest of the world will not Wear it like armor Then it can never be used to hurt you
What the hell do you know about being a bastard?
All dwarves are bastards in their fathers' eyes
Rough night, Imp?
If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it will be a miracle
I didn't pick you for a hunter
The greatest in the land My spear never misses
Better-looking bitches than youre used to, Uncle My mothers been looking for you We ride for Kings Landing today
Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies
What good will my sympathies do them?
None But it is expected of you Your absence has already been noted
The boy means nothing to me And I cant stand the wailing of women
One word and Ill hit you again
Im telling mother
Go! Tell her But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark and you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service, and that all your prayers are with them Do you understand?
You cant.
Do you understand?
The Prince will remember that, little lord
I hope so If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him Time for breakfast.
I hope so If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him Time for breakfast.
Bread And two of those little fish And a mug of dark beer to wash it down And bacon, burnt black
Little brother
Beloved siblings
Is Bran going to die?
Apparently not
What do you mean?
The Maester says the boy may live
Its no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain
Only the gods know for certain All the rest of us can do is pray The charms of the north seem entirely lost on you
I still cant believe youre going Its ridiculous even for you
Wheres your sense of wonder? The greatest structure ever built, the intrepid men of the Nights Watch, the wintry abode of the White Walkers
Tell me youre not thinking of taking the black
And go celibate? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world
Even if the boy lives, hell be a cripple, a grotesque Give me a good clean death any day
Speaking for the grotesques, Id have to disagree Death is so final, whereas life Life is full of possibilities I hope the boy does wake Id be very interested to hear what he has to say
My dear brother, there are times you make me wonder whose side youre on
My dear brother, you wound me You know how much I love my family -
Sit Youll be fed Untie them
Rapers They were given a choice no doubt Castration or the Wall Most choose the knife Not impressed by your new brothers? Lovely thing about the Watch You discard your old family and get a whole new one
Why do you read so much?
Look at me and tell me what you see
Is this a trick?
What you see is a dwarf If Id been born a peasant they mightve left me out in the woods to die Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock Things are expected of me My father was the Hand of the King for 20 years
Until your brother killed that King
Yes, until my brother killed him Life is full of these little ironies My sister married the new King and my repulsive nephew will be King after him I must do my part for the honor of my house, wouldnt you agree? But how? Well, my brother has his sword and I have my mind And a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone Thats why I read so much And you? Whats your story, bastard?
Ask me nicely and maybe Ill tell you, dwarf
A bastard boy with nothing to inherit, off to join the ancient order of the Nights Watch, alongside his valiant brothers-in-arms
The Nights Watch protects the realm from.
Yes yes, against grumpkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about Youre a smart boy You dont believe that nonsense Everythings better with some wine in the belly -
Lord Snow, it appears youre the least useless person here Go clean yourselves up Theres only so much I can stomach in a day
A charming man
I dont need him to be charming I need him to turn this bunch of thieves and runaways into men of the Nights Watch
And hows that going, Commander Mormont?
Slowly A raven came for Ned Starks son
Good news or bad?
Whatre you looking at, halfman?
Im looking at you Youve got an interesting face Very distinctive faces All of you
What do you care about our faces?
Its just I think they would look marvelous decorating spikes in Kings Landing Perhaps Ill write my sister, the Queen, about it
Everybody knew what this place was and no one told me No one but you My father knew and left me to rot here at the Wall all the same
Grenns father left him too Outside a farmhouse when he was three Pyp was caught stealing a wheel of cheese His little sister hadnt eaten in three days He was given a choice his right hand or the Wall Ive been asking the Lord Commander about them Fascinating stories
They hate me because Im better than they are
Its a lucky thing none of them were trained by a master-at-arms like your Ser Rodrik I dont imagine any of them have ever held a real sword before they came here Your brother Bran Hes woken up -
A bears balls
Youre joking?
And his brains and his guts, his lungs and his heart all fried in his own fat When youre a hundred miles north of the Wall and you ate your last meal a week ago, you leave nothing for the wolves
And how do a bears balls taste?
A bit chewy And what about you, my Lord? Whats the strangest thing youve eaten?
Do Dornish girls count? So you roam the Seven Kingdoms, collaring pickpockets and horse thieves and bringing them here as eager recruits?
But its not all of ems done bad things Some of ems just poor lads looking for steady feed Some of ems high-born lads looking for glory
They have a better chance finding feed than glory
The Nights Watch is a joke to you, is it? Is that what we are, Lannister? An army of jesters in black?
You dont have enough men to be an army and aside from Yoren here, none of you are particularly funny
I hope weve provided you with some good stories to tell when youre back in Kings Landing But something to think about while youre drinking your wine down there, enjoying your brothels Half the boys youve seen training will die north of the Wall Might be a wildings axe that gets them, might be sickness, might just be the cold They die in pain And they do it so plump little lords like you can enjoy their summer afternoons in peace and comfort
Do you think Im plump? Listen, Benjen May I call you Benjen?
Call me what you like
Im not sure what Ive done to offend you I have great admiration for the Nights Watch Ive great admiration for you as First Ranger
You know, my brother once told me that nothing someone says before the word but really counts
But I dont believe that giants and ghouls and White Walkers are lurking beyond the Wall I believe that the only difference between us and the wildlings is that when the Wall went up, our ancestors happened to live on the right side of it
I always do
I think hes starting to like me Going below ?
Into the tunnel and out the other side Hell be north of the Wall for a month or two
So youre heading down to Kings Landing too
Day after tomorrow I get about half of my recruits from their dungeons
Lets share the road I could use some decent company
I travel a bit on the grubby side, my Lord
Not this time Well be staying at the finest castles and inns No one turns away a Lannister -
How many winters have you seen, Lord Tyrion?
Eight no, nine
All of them brief?
They say the winter of my birth was three years long,
Weve been capturing wildlings, more every month Theyre fleeing south The ones who flee say theyve seen the White Walkers
Yes, and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids
Im sorry to see you leave, Lannister
Its either me or this cold And it doesnt appear to be going anywhere
Will you stop at Winterfell on your way South?
I expect I will Gods know there arent many feather beds between here and Kings Landing
If you see my brother Bran, tell him I miss him Tell him Id visit if I could
Of course
Hell never walk again
If youre going to be a cripple, its better to be a rich cripple Take care, Snow
Neither do I But Robbs Lord of Winterfell, which means I do what he says and you do what I say Hodor! Help Bran down the hall
I must say I received a slightly warmer welcome on my last visit
Any man of the Nights Watch is welcome at Winterfell
Any man of the Nights Watch, but not I, eh, boy?
Im not your boy, Lannister Im Lord of Winterfell while my father is away
Then you might learn a lords courtesy
Then you might learn a lords courtesy
So its true Hello Bran Do you remember anything about what happened?
He has no memory of that day
Curious
Why are you here?
Would your charming companion be so kind as to kneel? My neck is beginning to hurt
Kneel, Hodor
Do you like to ride, Bran?
The boy has lost the use of his legs
What of it? With the right horse and saddle, even a cripple can ride
Im not a cripple
Then Im not a dwarf My father will rejoice to hear it I have a gift for you Give that to your saddler Hell provide the rest You must shape the horse to the rider Start with a yearling and teach it to respond to the reins and to the boys voice
Will I really be able to ride?
You will On horseback you will be as tall as any of them
Is this some kind of trick? Why do you want to help him?
I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things
Youve done my brother a kindness The hospitality of Winterfell is yours
Spare me your false courtesies, Lord Stark Theres a brothel outside your walls There Ill find a bed and both of us can sleep easier
Couldnt resist some northern ass? If you like redheads, ask for Ros
Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you Your master doesnt seem to like Lannisters
Hes not my master
No, of course not What happened here? Where is lady Stark? Why didnt she receive me?
She wasnt feeling well
Shes not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?
My ladys whereabouts.
My lady? Your loyalty to your captors is touching Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see his only surviving son has turned lackey? I still remember seeing my fathers fleet burn in Lannisport I believe your uncles were responsible?
Must have been a pretty sight
Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive Yes, a great victory for your people Shame how it all turned out
We were outnumbered 10 to one
A stupid rebellion then I suppose your father realized that when your brothers died in battle Now here you are, your enemys squire
Careful, Imp
Ive offended you Forgive me, its been a rough morning Anyway, dont despair Im a constant disappointment to my own father and Ive learned to live with it Your next tumble with Ros is on me Ill try not to wear her out -
Im sorry, my Lord, were full up Every room
My men can sleep in the stable As for myself, I dont require a large room
Truly, my lord, we have nothing
Is there nothing I can do to remedy this?
You can have my room
Theres a clever man You can manage food, I trust? , dine with me
My Lord of Lannister! Might I entertain you while you eat? I can sing of your fathers victory at Kings Landing
Nothing would more likely ruin my supper Lady Stark! What an unexpected pleasure I was sorry to have missed you at Winterfell
Our lord is honored by his trust
I envy your father all his fine friends, but I dont quite see the purpose of this
On that eve, the captive Imp down-wards from his horse did limp, no more would he preen and primp, in garb of red and gold
This isnt the Kingsroad You said we were riding for Winterfell
I did often and loudly
Very wise Theyll be out in droves, looking for me in the wrong place Words probably gotten to my father by now Hell be offering a handsome reward Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts Would you be so good as to untie me?
And why would I do that?
Why not? Am I going to run? The hill tribes would kill me for my boots Unless a Shadowcat ate me first
Shadowcats and hill tribes are the least of your concerns
Ah the Eastern Road Were going to The Vale Youre taking me to your sisters to answer for my imagined crimes Tell me, Lady Stark When was the last time you saw your sister?
Five years ago
Shes changed She was always a bit touched, but now you might as well kill me here
I am not a murderer, Lannister
Neither am I! I had nothing to do with the attempt on your sons life
The dagger found
What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?
Should I gag him?
Why? Am I starting to make sense?
My Lady, this way
Untie me If I die, whats the point?
Your first? You need a woman Nothing like a woman after a fight
Well, Im willing if she is -
Yes, my Lady She will at that
The Eyrie They say its impregnable
Give me 10 good men and some climbing spikes Ill impregnate the bitch
I like you -
Hes Tyrion the Imp of House Lannister He killed your father He murdered the Hand of the King
Oh? Did I kill him too? Ive been a very busy man
You will watch your tongue! These men are Knights of the Vale Every one of the loved Jon Arryn Every one of them would die for me
If any harm comes to me, my brother, Jaime, will see that they do
We'll keep her alive -
Mord! Turnkey
Dwarf man making noise
How would you like to be rich?
Dwarf man still making noise
My family is rich We have gold, lots of gold I'm prepared to give you lots of gold
No gold
Well, I don't have it here
And here I stand -
Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord
Noise again
About the gold
No gold
Listen to me! Listen to me! Sometimes possession is an abstract concept When they captured me they took my purse, but the gold is still mine
Where?
Where? I don't know where, but when they free me
You want free? Go be free
Have you ever heard the phrase Rich as a Lannister'? Of course you have You're a smart man You know who the Lannisters are I am a Lannister Tyrion, son of Tywin! And of course, you have also heard the phrase, a Lannister always pays his debts.' If you deliver a message from me to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt I will owe you gold If you deliver the message and I live, which I very much intend to do
What message?
Tell her I wish to confess my crimes
You wish to confess your crimes?
Yes, my lady I do, my lady
Skycells always break them Speak, Imp Meet your gods as an honest man
Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I'm a vile man, I confess it My crimes and sins are beyond counting I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored I'm not particularly good at violence, but I'm good at convincing others to do violence for me You want specifics, I suppose When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river I stole her robe She was forced to return to the castle, naked and in tears I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle's boots with goatshit When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire Poor boy was flogged and I escaped justice When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew I flogged the one-eyed snake I skinned my sausage I made the bald man cry into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate At least I hope she did I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel
What do you think you're doing?
Confessing my crimes
6
Oh, I'm very sorry I don't know anything about all that
You've had your little joke I trust you enjoyed it Mord, take him back to the dungeon But this time find a smaller cell, with a steeper floor
Is this how justice is done in the Vale? you accuse me of crimes, I deny them, so you throw me in a cell to freeze and starve? Where is the King's Justice? I'm accused and demand a trial
If you're tried and found guilty, then by the king's own laws you will pay with your life
I understand the law
You want a trial, my Lord Lannister Very well My son will listen to whatever you have to say, and you will hear his judgement Then you will leave, by one door or the other
No need to bother Lord Robin I demand a trial by combat
With all my heart, my Lady But the Imp is half my size It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call it justice
Agreed
You demanded a trial by combat
Now I demand a champion I have that right, same as you
My Lady, I would gladly fight the Imp's champion for you
I wouldn't be too glad, ser I name my brother, Jaime Lannister
ingslayer is hundreds of miles from here
Send a raven for him, I'm happy to wait
The trial will be today
Do I have a volunteer?
Do I have a volunteer?
Anyone? Anyone?
Can I make the little man fly now?
Not this little man This little man is going home I believe you have something of mine
Not this little man This little man is going home I believe you have something of mine
A Lannister always pays his debts -
The knights of the Vale will stay in the Vale where they belong, to protect their Lord beserk -
From here it might be best if Bronn and I continue alone
Best for Tyrion son of Tywin Not best for me If the half man betrays us, Shagga son of Dolf will cut off his manhood.
And feed it to the goats, yes All right then Time to meet my father Kevan Lannister Tyrion
And feed it to the goats, yes All right then Time to meet my father Kevan Lannister Tyrion
Uncle Father
The rumors of your demise were unfounded
Sorry to disappoint you
You wouldnt know him
May I present My Lord Father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West Kind of you to go to war for me
You left us no choice The honor of the House was at stake Your brother would never have submitted to capture so meekly
We have our differences, Jaime and I Hes braver Im better looking
Jaime smashed the River Lords at the Golden Tooth, and now lays siege to Riverrun, Catelyn Starks homeland
And the Starks? Lord Eddard?
Is our hostage He will lead no armies from his dungeon cell
How did my sweet sister persuade the King to imprison his dear friend Ned?
Robert Baratheon is dead Joffrey rules in Kings Landing
My sister rules, you mean
A green boy One taste of battle and hell run back to Winterfell wi his tail between his legs
Maybe Though the boy does have a certain belligerence Youd like him While were on the subject of war, I made promises to my friends here and a Lannister always pays his debts We shall require 3,000 helms and shields, plus swords, pikes, gorgets, maces.
The boy may lack experience and sense, but he does have a certain mindless provincial courage
Oh, do continue Didnt mean to interrupt
The great hairy one insisted he must have two battleaxes Heavy black steel, double-sided
Shagga likes axes
When the battle commences, you and your wildlings will be in the vanguard
The vanguard? Me and the tribesmen on the front lines?
They do seem rather ferocious
Ferocious? Last night a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage Three Stone Crows seized the Moon Brother and opened his throat Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off the dead mans cock, which was fortunate, but even still, Ulf is demanding blood money, which Shagga and Gunthor refuse to pay
When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander
Surely there are ways to have me killed that would be less detrimental to the war effort
Therell be no more discussion on the matter
lt appears lm not hungry after all Excuse me, my lords.Back at his tent, Tyrion finds Bronn there with a woman waiting there too
lt appears lm not hungry after all Excuse me, my lords.Back at his tent, Tyrion finds Bronn there with a woman waiting there too
Where did you find one so pretty at this hour?
l took her
Took her? From whom?
From, uh, Ser Whats-his-name? l dont know Ginger cunt, three tents down
And he didnt have anything to say about it?
He said something
Well, the odds of me living long enough for him to retaliate have just dropped drastically Well be at the vanguard tomorrow
Oh, well l, uh, think lll go and find myself one
Who are you?
Who would you like me to be?
What did your mother call you?
Shae What did your mother call you?
My mother died giving birth to me
ls that why lm here? So we can talk about our mothers?
What sort of accent is that?
Foreign
For
What do you want from me?
What do l want from you? l want you to share my tent l want you to pour my wine, laugh at my jokes, rub my legs when theyre sore after a days ride l want you to take no other man to bed for as long as were together And l want you to fuck me like its my last night in this world Which it may well be
And what do l get?
One safety No one will hurt you for as long as youre mine Two the pleasure of my company, which l have heard is spectacular
Who told you this? Women you paid?
And three more gold than you can spend if you lived a thousand years Do you accept my proposal?
Are you in agony, my lion?
No
You look like youre in agony The fire is burning your pretty soft skin
Ah! Damn you, woman Are you immune to pain?
Drink
Lets play a new game
Theres a Braavosi knife game l could teach you
Does it involve the potential for losing fingers?
Not if you win
No! No fire games, no knife games Lets do something lm good at
What are you good at?
l happen to be a great judge of character
This sounds like a boring game
lts not Heres how it works l make a statement about your past lf lm right, you drink lf lm wrong, l drink And no lying lll know if youre lying
l dont want to play this game
Fine first Your father beat you
But my mother hit harder
You killed your first man before you were 12
lt was a woman She swung an axe at me
Youve been north of the Wall
Work
And you once loved a woman many years ago, but it turned out badly so youve never let yourself love again Oh, wait, thats me Your turn, my mysterious foreign beauty
l dont want to play
lts fun! Look at the fun were having Your mother was a whore
Drink
All right Your father left the family when you were very young, never to return
Drink
And weve established the rules about lying?
Drink
You wanted a different life You came from somewhere and you wanted to be elsewhere
The whole shit-stained world could drink off that one
So, specifics You wanted to be elsewhere, but how would you get there? l dont believe the life of the Silent Sisters is for you So, whats a lowborn girl to do?
Drink
Are you sure
Drink! And dont talk about my mother and father ever, or l will carve your eyes from your head
My dear lady, if l have offended you, l apologize
My turn
Fine, fine Ask away Try to penetrate the enigma that is me
Who were you in love with?
Thats not how the game works
Married?
How did you hear that?
You hear lots of things playing dice with Lannister soldiers
Another night, perhaps
Not another night This night
lts not a pleasant story
lm guessing the lady and l can tell more unpleasant stories than your lordship
So l was 16 My brother Jaime and l were riding, when we heard a scream She ran out onto the road, clothes half torn off, with two men on her heels Jaime scared away the men easily enough, while l wrapped her in my cloak She was too scared to send off on her own, so while Jaime hunted down the rapers l took her to the nearest inn and fed her Her name was Tysha She was a wheelwrights orphan And she was hungry Together we finished off three chickens and a flagon of wine lmpossible as it seems, there was a time when l was unaccustomed to wine l forgot how afraid l was around girls how l was always waiting for them to laugh at me or look away embarrassed, or ask me about my tall, handsome brother l forgot about everything but Tysha And somehow l found myself in her bed
For three chickens, l should hope so
lt didnt last long l didnt know what the hell l was doing But she was good to me She kissed me afterwards and sang me a song And by morning l was deep enough in love to ask for her hand A few lies, a few gold coins, one drunken septon and there you have it man and wife For a fortnight anyway, until the septon sobered up and told my father
Well, l imagine that was the end of all that
Not quite First, my father had Jaime tell me the truth The girl was a whore, you see Jaime had arranged the whole thing the road, the rapers, all of it He thought it was time l had a woman After my brother confessed, my father brought in my wife and gave her to his guards He paid her well a silver for each man How many whores command that kind of price? He brought me into the barracks and made me watch By the end, she had so much silver that the coins were slipping through her fingers and rolling on to the floor
You should have known she was a whore
Really? l was 16, drunk and in love
A girl who was almost raped doesnt invite another man into her bed two hours later
As l said, l was young and stupid
You are still young and stupid
What is it? What do you want?
Youre sleeping through the war
What?
They stole a nights march on us Theyre a mile north
Get my squire
You dont have a squire
lf l die, weep for me
Youll be dead How will you know?
lll know
Stay low
Stay low?
lf youre lucky, no one will notice you
l was born lucky Tribesmen of the Vale, gather round! Stone Crows! Black Ears! Burned Men! Moon Brothers! And Painted Dogs! Your dominion over the Vale begins now! Onward, to claim what is yours! Tribesmen of the Vale Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man
l was born lucky Tribesmen of the Vale, gather round! Stone Crows! Black Ears! Burned Men! Moon Brothers! And Painted Dogs! Your dominion over the Vale begins now! Onward, to claim what is yours! Tribesmen of the Vale Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man
To battle
Youre a shit warrior
lm alive?
Youre alive
Did we win?
We wouldnt be having this conversation if we didnt
How did our tribesmen do?
Yeah, good
lts nice to see them getting along
Youre wounded
Good of you to notice l hear we won
Huh! The scouts were wrong There were 2,000 Stark bannermen, not 20
Did we get the Stark boy, at least?
He wasnt here
Where was he?
With his other 18,000 men
And where are they? -
They have my son
The Stark boy appears to be less green than wed hoped
Both Baratheon brothers have taken up against us Jaime captured, his armies scattered lts a catastrophe Perhaps we should sue for peace
Theres your peace Joffrey saw to that when he decided to remove Ned Starks head Youll have an easier time drinking from that cup than you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now Hes winning ' in case you hadnt noticed
They have my son! Get out, all of you Not you You were right about Eddard Stark lf he were alive, we could have used him to broker a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, which would have given us more time to deal with Roberts brothers But now ' madness Madness and stupidity l always thought you were a stunted fool Perhaps l was wrong
Half wrong lm new to strategy, but unless we want to be surrounded by three armies, it appears we cant stay here
No one will stay here Ser Gregor will head out with 500 riders and set the Riverland on fire from Gods Eye to the Red Fork The rest of us will regroup at Harrenhal And you will go to Kings Landing
And do what?
Rule You will serve as Hand of the King in my stead You will bring that boy king to heel, and his mother too, if needs be And if you get so much as a whiff of treason from any of the rest ' Baelish, Varys, Pycelle
Heads, spikes, walls Why not my uncle? Why not anyone? Why me?
Hand of the King?
So it would seem
And your father said you couldnt take anyone with you to Kings Landing?
No, he said l couldnt take you with me to Kings Landing He was very specific on that point
He knew my name?
What?
He said, Dont bring Shae with you to Kings Landing ?
l believe he used the word whore
I'm funny now? lm Shae, the funny whore
My fathers probably the most powerful man in the country Certainly the richest He has all Seven Kingdoms in his pockets Everyone everywhere always has to do exactly what my father says Hes always been a cunt l believe the ladies of the court could learn a great deal from a girl like you Why dont you come with me, be the Hands lady? Because the King needs a Hand and the Hand
Thank you, Your Grace And you, My Lady, thank you
Beloved nephew
Beloved nephew
We looked for you on the battlefield You were nowhere to be found
Ive been here, ruling the kingdoms
What a fine job youve done Look at you More beautiful than ever And you! You, youre going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking This one doesnt like me
Im glad youre not dead
Me, too, dear Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world My Lady, Im sorry for your loss
Her loss? Her father was a confessed traitor
But still her father Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize
My father was a traitor My mother and brother are traitors, too I am loyal to my beloved Joffrey
Of course you are
Of course you are
Well, , enjoy your name day, Your Grace Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done
Yes, Your Grace
Dont get up More ravishing than ever, big sister War agrees with you Forgive the interruption, carry on
What are you doing here?
Its been a remarkable journey I, , pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell I fought with the hill tribes So many adventures, so much to be thankful for
What are you doing here? This is the small council
Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings
Our father is Hand of the King
Yes, but in his absence
Out! All of you out I would like to know how you tricked father into this
If I were capable of tricking father, Id be emperor of the world by now You brought this on yourself
Ive done nothing
Quite right You did nothing when your son called for Ned Starks head Now the entire North has risen up against us
I tried to stop it
Did you? You failed That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation
Robb Stark is a child
Whos won every battle hes fought Do you understand were losing the war?
What do you know about warfare?
Nothing But I know people And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us
Joffrey is King
Joffrey is King
You are here to advise him
Im only here to advise him And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back
How?
You love your children Its your one redeeming quality That and your cheekbones The Starks love their children as well And we have two of them
One
One?
Arya, little animal, she disappeared
Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade You chopped ones head off and let another escape Father will be furious It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child
This city stinks Like dead bodies
A bit corpsey, yes
And shit
I thought you wanted to come here
I love it
You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?
And cum and garlic and rum
You can smell cum from the balcony?
I love the stink I love the noise Cities make me want to fuck
And so did the country
This is where I belong
Yes, well, you need to be careful No one can know youre here
What about you?
Me? Im not from here Im a slave to the truth
Truth? You are the biggest little liar I have ever met
Why do you think I am so little? Im being, , crushed beneath the weight of all that truth
Why do you think I am so little? Im being, , crushed beneath the weight of all that truth
Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didnt suffer enough One of the many changes well have to make around here
Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as hand in his stead
You brought this on yourself
I've done nothing
Do you understand we're losing the war?
We were just speaking of your bravery in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces
It was quite a battle
To find so lovely creature working in your fathers kitchen It almost beggars belief
Strange things do happen You should taste her fish pie
I can always tell
Men like Lord Varys and I cant let our disadvantages get the best of us Well make a fisherman of him yet
I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the capital Friends are such an important part of life Unfortunate that your father didnt want her to come But rest easy my lord, I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends
Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned
How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest I will leave you Welcome to Kings Landing, my dear The city is made brighter by your presence We have a council meeting, my lord
I dont like threats
Who threatened you?
Im not Ned Stark I understand the way this game is played
Ned Stark was a man of honor
And I am not Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea
From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North.' He has more spirit than his father, Ill give him that
Youve perfected the art of tearing up papers Give him his fathers bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith
I will, Your Grace
Safe travels, cousin
Safe travels, cousin
You have a deft hand with diplomacy
Another king? How many is that now, Five? Ive lost count
Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall
Perhaps hes forgotten were fighting a war We have no men to spare
Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them
The northerners are a superstitious people
According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers Mormont doesnt lie
How do you kill a dead man?
Apparently you burn him
One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks
I dont know what I believe, but heres a fact for you The Nights Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall
Apologies, my lord
Leave us, Podrick I believe we know how to pour our own wine
Is that your new squire? Could have found you a proper lad
Myself, I prefer the improper ones
Hmm, thats a good red Dornish?
You know your wines, my lord
That I do A fine dinner, my lord
Call me Tyrion, please Im sure youre getting used to fine dinners, now that youre a lord
Maybe Ill hire this cook of yours
Wars have been started for less
Wars have been started for less
I heard there was some trouble in Littlefingers brothel the other night
Hmm Nasty business, had to be done
Yes, of course City Watch must keep the peace Only, I hadnt realized peace depended on killing babies
Orders are orders
Quite right Especially the queens orders
I never said they were the queens orders
No, but who else would want to murder King Roberts bastards? Shes always been a jealous woman
You know your sister better than I do
Youve heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister
I dont listen to filth
Thats good of you, but you have heard them I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Roberts bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cerseis children
Joffrey is my king, the rest doesnt interest me
I appreciate your loyalty Tell me When your men slaughtered Ned Starks men in the throne room, did you give the order?
I did And I would again The man was a traitor He tried to buy my loyalty
The fool! He had no idea you were already bought
Are you drunk? Ill not have my honor questioned by an Imp
Im not questioning your honor, Lord Janos Im denying its existence
You think Ill stand here and take this from you, dwarf
Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless youd like to take it from my friend here
Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless youd like to take it from my friend here
I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldnt feel safe with you lurking about
What are you ta My friends at court will not allow this The queen herself
The queen regent And youre a fool to believe shes your friend
We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this
No, we shant
No, we shant
Theres a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight From there, Im afraid its rather a long walk to Castle Black I hope you enjoy the Wall I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way
These men are under my command I command you to arrest this cutthroat
His name is Bronn and he is the new commander of the City Watch
I have friends at court! Powerful friends! The king himself made me a lord!Janos is escorted out of view Bronn sits down, and Tyrion pours him a cup of wine
To the new Commander
To the new Commander
If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mothers breast, would you do it without question?
Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch You had no right to exile him
I have every right I am the Kings Hand
Youre serving as the Kings Hand until father gets here I am Queen Regent
Listen to me, Queen Regent, youre losing the people Do you hear me?
Ha, the people You think I care?
You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead Half the city will starve when winter comes The other half will plot to overthrow you And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, The Queen slaughters babies.' You dont even have the decency to deny it
You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead Half the city will starve when winter comes The other half will plot to overthrow you And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, The Queen slaughters babies.' You dont even have the decency to deny it
It wasnt you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didnt even tell you Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse
He did what needed to be done You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep
Im no king, but I think theres more to ruling that that
I dont care what you think! Youve never taken it seriously You havent, Jaime hasnt Its all fallen on me
As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon
Youre funny Youve always been funny But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death
She was my mother too
You wont let me leave this room You wont let me
Keep your voice down
Why? You think your father can hear me? Hes 300 miles away
I dont intend for you to stay here I might be able to bring you into the castle kitchens Again, only temporary
Every man who has tasted my cooking has told me what a good whore I am
But you wouldnt be a cook Youd pose as a scullion
Scullion? What is a scullion?
Kitchen wench
A kitchen wench?
Yes
Cleaning pots? Is that how my lion wants to see me?
Your lion wants to see you alive Weve come to a dangerous place My sister wants to hurt me Shell look for any weakness she can find She cant know about you
Im the weakness?
Its a compliment, my lady
How is being a weakness a compliment?
Language can be a bit tricky here
Just brush my hair
Oh! Thank the gods I havent had a proper shit in six days
Ive encountered this problem before, my lord The stresses of power often have this insalubrious effect Two drops with water, daily
Right Im so grateful to have a man of your vast knowledge and wisdom on my side
Please Thank you, my lord
I can trust you, Pycelle, can I not?
Why, yes, of course, my lord
These are perilous times And the crown must forge new alliances And these alliances must often be sealed in matrimony
Matrimony, huh? Yes
Im trusting the council with these plans, but the Queen mustnt know We cant have her meddling in affairs that could determine the future of the realm Theres too much at stake
Oh, yes, yes Indeed, yes I shall be silent as the grave
Im brokering an alliance with House Martell of Dorne Princess Myrcella will wed their youngest son when she comes of age, ensuring their loyalty and their army, should we need it
Myrcella sent away to Dorne?
But remember, the Queen mustnt know
Ooh The Queen mustnt know I love conversations that begin this way
I plan to marry Princess Myrcella off to Theon Greyjoy
Theon Greyjoy? Forgive me, my lord, but how? He grew up a ward of Winterfell He fights for Robb Stark
Precisely Theons father loathes the Starks and will convince the boy to come to our side Greyjoy can destroy the Northern army from within and we can have his fathers ships
Precisely Theons father loathes the Starks and will convince the boy to come to our side Greyjoy can destroy the Northern army from within and we can have his fathers ships
But remember, you must tell no one
Tell no one what?
I plan to wed Princess Myrcella to Robin Arryn of the Vale Lysa is not fond of me But perhaps the promise of a royal match will convince her to let bygones be bygones
She imprisoned you She tried to execute you And you offer her son a princess?
For men in our position, holding grudges can be an encumbrance, dont you think?
And I suppose you want me to broker this agreement?
Who better?
Yes, I could sing this song to Lysa, if I cared to Whats in it for me?
The gratitude of the people of Westeros for helping to end this war, the adoration of the King for bringing the Vale back into the fold and Harrenhal
Harrenhal is cursed
Never took you for a superstitious man By all means, tear it down and rebuild Youll be able to afford it I plan to make you Lord of the Riverlands
With a single stroke, youd make me one of the greatest lords in the realm
You served my family well in the matter of the succession
So did Janos Slynt, and he was given Harrenhal, too Until you snatched it away
I need you to deliver Lysa Arryn I didnt need Janos Slynt Its settled, then?
I need you to deliver Lysa Arryn I didnt need Janos Slynt Its settled, then?
Good Oh
You monster Myrcella is my only daughter Do you really think Ill let you sell her like a common whore?
Myrcellas a princess Some would say she was born for this
I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon
Dorne is the safest place for her
Are you mad? The Martells loathe us
Thats why we need to seduce them Were going to need their support in the war your son started
Shell be a hostage
A guest
You wont get away with this You think the piece of paper Father gave you keeps you safe Ned Stark had a piece of paper, too
Its done, Cersei
No
You cannot stop it
No
Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if this city falls? Do you want to see her raped, butchered like the Targaryen children? Make no mistake Theyll mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours
I dont appreciate being made a fool of, dwarf If Myrcella marries the Martell boy, she cant very well marry Robin Arryn, can she?
No, afraid not Sorry about that
And Harrenhal, I suppose thats off the table as well
Yes, I fear so Sorry about that, too
Leave me out of your next deception
Thats a shame You were to be the centerpiece of my next deception My brother Jaime rots in a northern stockade I would see him released Thats where you come in
Robb Stark will never release the Kingslayer
No, he wont But his mother might How would you like to see your beloved Cat again?
No, he wont But his mother might How would you like to see your beloved Cat again?
Find him?
Oh, aye And he has company Filthy old stoat Almost hate to interrupt
No, you dont
What is the meaning of this? No, please, please
You disappoint me, Grand Maester
I am your loyal servant
So loyal that you told the Queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne
No! Never! Its a falsehood I swear it It wasnt me Ah, Varys It was Varys the Spider
See, I told Varys that I was giving the Princess to the Greyjoys I told Littlefinger that I planned to wed her to Robin Arryn I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish No one but you
The eunuch has spies everywhere
Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats
There are no goats, halfman
Well, make do
Well, make do
How long have you been spying for my sister?
All I did, I did for House Lannister Always Your lord father, ask him Ive always been his servant since the days of the Mad King
I dont like his beard
No No
How many Hands have you betrayed, Pycelle? Eddard Stark? Jon Arryn?
Lord Arryn, he knew He knew the truth about the Queen And he planned to act, to tell King Robert
So you poisoned him?
No Never
But you let him die, made sure he succumbed
Lannister I always served Lannister
Get him out of my sight Throw him in one of the black cells
No No, no, no No, please Dont! You cant do this to me
For your trouble
Youll be pleased to know our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansas service
Good One of my better ideas
And it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? Well played, My Lord Hand But should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle The Small Council grows smaller every day
The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly I dont mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave
Power is a curious thing, my lord Are you fond of riddles?
Why, am I about to hear one?
Three great men sit in a room A king, a priest and a rich man Between them stands a common sellsword Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two Who lives, who dies?
Depends on the sellsword
Does it? He has neither crown nor gold nor favor with the gods
He has a sword, the power of life and death
But if its swordsmen who rule, why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
Ive decided I dont like riddles
If you want Robb Stark to hear us, were going to have to speak louder
What is the meaning of this?
What is the meaning of this?
What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?
Careful, now We dont want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak
Someone get the girl something to cover herself with She is to be your queen Have you no regard for her honor?
Im punishing her
For what crimes? She did not fight her brothers battle, you half-wit
You cant talk to me like that The king can do as he likes
The Mad King did as he liked Has your Uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard
Im not threatening the king, ser I am educating my nephew Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him That was a threat See the difference?
Im not threatening the king, ser I am educating my nephew Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him That was a threat See the difference?
I apologize for my nephews behavior Tell me the truth Do you want an end to this engagement?
I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love
Lady Stark, you may survive us yet
The little kings backed up Clogged from balls to brains
You think dipping his wick will cure what ails him?
My lord
Your visits are too few, cousin
Her Grace, the Queen Regent, commands you to release Grand Maester Pycelle Heres your warrant
So it is Will you take a cup with me? I find that mulled wine helps me sleep
I am here at Her Graces behest, not to drink with you, Imp
If my sister was so concerned for Pycelle, I would have thought shed come herself Instead she sends you What am I to make of that?
I dont care what you make of it, so long as you release your prisoner immediately
And youve received these instructions directly from Cersei?
As I said several times
And youve waited this long to deliver the information?
When the Queen Regent gives me a command, I carry it out without delay
Cersei must have great trust in you, allowing you into her chamber during the hour of the wolf
The Queen Regent has a great many responsibilities She often works from dusk till dawn
She must be very glad to have you helping her from dusk till dawn
She must be very glad to have you helping her from dusk till dawn
Ah Lavender oil She always loved lavender oil, even as a girl
I am a knight
An anointed knight, yes Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, ser?
You will withdraw these filthy accusations
Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out youve been bedding his mother?
Its not my fault
Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, knight?
Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the Kings squire, he told me to obey her in everything
Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
I only meant I did as I was bid
Hated every moment of it, is that what youll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sisters legs spreading open for you at night Oh, yes, it must have been terrible Wait here His Grace will want to hear this
Mercy! Mercy, my lord! I beg you
Save it for Joffrey He loves a good grovel
My lord, it was your sisters bidding, the Queen Ill leave the city at once, I swear
No, I think not
My lord?
You heard me My father told you to obey my sister Obey her Stay close to her side Keep her trust Pleasure her whenever she requires No one ever need know, as long as you keep faith with me I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything And you will tell me
Yes, my lord, I will I swear it, as you command
Oh, rise, rise Let us drink to our understanding Oh, you dont have a cup Oh, well Smile, cousin My sister is a beautiful woman, and its all for the good of the realm Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that, henceforth, I shall do nothing without her consent
But her demands?
Oh, Ill give her Pycelle
You will?
Yes, Ill release him in the morning Cersei can keep him as a pet, if she wants, but I will not have him on the Council I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true Stay within one table length
Killed? By whom?
Accounts differ Most seem to implicate Catelyn Stark in some way
Really? Whod have thought?
Some say it was one of his own Kingsguard, while still others say it was Stannis himself who did it after negotiations went sour
Whomever did it, I say well done
Its not what Varys says He says Renlys army is flocking to support Stannis, which would give Stannis superiority over us on both land and sea
Littlefinger says we can outspend him three to one
And I say Father raised you to have too much respect for money Stannis Baratheon is coming for us, sooner rather than later
Arent there other things you should be doing, like sealing my daughter in a crate so you can ship her away?
Shell be safer in Dorne
Yes, I know how concerned you are for her safety
It so happens that I am Myrcella is a sweet, innocent girl and I dont blame her at all for you
So clever Arent you always so clever with your schemes and your plots?
Schemes and plots are the same thing They are going to attack us We need to be ready
No need to concern yourself over it The king is taking personal charge of siege preparations
May I ask specifically what the king has in mind?
You may, specifically, or you may ask vaguely The answer will be the same
Its important that we talk about this
Its wildfire
Wildfire? You wouldnt lie to me, would you, cousin?
No
Thats a lie right there
It is not a lie Why would I lie?
Tell me, if the vile allegations against my brother and sister are true, do you think it will make Jaime more likely to kill you or less likely? When I tell him youre fucking her, I mean
Im telling you the truth
The smart money would be on more likely
Shes making wildfire
But then perhaps his own unnatural urges will give him sympathy for yours
The Alchemists Guild is being commissioned
I suppose theres only one way to find out
They have thousands of pots already stored in their vaults They are planning to launch it from the city walls into Stannis ships and armies Please
When did she tell you this?
I heard her talking with the pyromancer And the other night, after I left her, she went to meet him I swear to you
Swear to me on what?
On my life
But I dont care about your life
In the light of the Seven, by all that is holy and right, I, Lancel Lannister, do solemnly vow
All right, all right Enough Even torturing you is boring Just get out
All right, all right Enough Even torturing you is boring Just get out
Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me
Buy my fruit, my lord Fresh fruit
Stannis has more infantry, more ships, more horses What do we have?
Theres that mind of yours you keep going on about
Well, Ive never actually been able to kill people with it
Good thing Id be out of a job What about your father?
He hasnt sent a raven in weeks Hes very busy Being repeatedly humiliated by Robb Stark is time-consuming We wont be able to hold the city against Stannis, not the way Joffreys planning on holding it
We are swollen, bloated, foul Brother fornicates with sister in the bed of kings and were surprised when the fruit of their incest is rotten? Yes, a rotten king
Its hard to argue with his assessment
Not after what he did to your birthday present
The king is a lost cause Its the rest of us Im worried about now
A dancing king, prancing down his bloodstained halls to the tune of a twisted demon monkey
You have to admire his imagination
Hes talking about you
What? Demon monkey?
People think youre pulling the kings strings They blame you for the citys ills
Blame me? Im trying to save them
You dont need to convince me
Demon monkey
Take care, my lord
I remember reading an old sailors proverb, Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off
After the dragons died, wildfire was the key to the Targaryen power
My companion takes issue
The jars are put in catapults and flung at the enemy
How much do you have?
I dont know if youve ever seen a battle, old man, but things can get a bit messy Cause when were flinging things at Stannis, hes flinging them right back at us Men die, men shit themselves, men run, which means pots falling, which means fire inside the walls, which means the poor cunts trying to defend the city end up burning it down
My friend remains unconvinced
This is a shit idea
Im afraid I have to concur with my advisor, Wisdom Haylene The contents of this room could lay Kings Landing low You wont be making wildfire for my sister any longer Youll be making it for me
Freak
Get the Prince back to the Keep now
Just kill them! Kill them all
Move Move
And they want the same for you
Wheres Sansa?
Traitors! Ill have all their heads
You blind, bloody fool
You cant insult me
Weve had vicious kings and weve had idiot kings, but I dont know if weve ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king
You cant
I can, I am
They attacked me
They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? Theyre starving, you fool All because of a war you started
Youre talking to a king
And now Ive struck a king Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?
Let them have her
If she dies, youll never get your Uncle Jaime back You owe him quite a bit, you know
You ever been fucked, little girl? Come here
Take some men and go and find the Stark girl
This way
Are you hurt, my lady?
The little birds bleeding Someone take her back to her cage See to that cut
Well done, Clegane
And gag him
Since when do you light your own candles?
How many times can you read one raven scroll?
Stannis Baratheons fleet has been spotted sailing north past Tarth, 200 ships
More than we have
Yes, thats more than we have Hell be at our gates within five days, four if he has the wind
We have strong, high walls Well rain fire down on them from above
Rain fire on them from above Youre quoting Father, arent you?
Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesnt he?
Call it tactics, not strategy But, yes, he does have a good mind for it The best mind, some would say Sadly, hes not here Its just you, me and Joffrey, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm
Im sure youll make a point eventually
He needs to start acting like a king This war you started is coming to our doorstep And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead
Im not the one giving the boy whores to abuse
I thought the girls might help him
Did you?
I was wrong If we cant control him
Do you think I havent tried? He doesnt listen to me
Its hard to put a leash on a dog once youve put a crown on its head
I always hoped hed be like Jaime He looks like him In a certain light
The boy is more Robert than Jaime
Robert was a drunken fool, but he didnt enjoy cruelty Sometimes I wonder What? If this is the price for what weve done, for our sins
Sins?
The Targaryens Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know Thats what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt Its what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me Half the Targaryens went mad, didnt they? Whats the saying? Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin
Youve beaten the odds Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them
I like to keep me hands clean
Yes, but do you have to do it here?
Yes, but do you have to do it here?
You should start wearing the gold cloak
I dont want to wear a gold cloak
Youre commander of the City Watch You shouldnt be dressed like a common
A cloak slows you down in a fight Makes it hard to move quietly And the gold catches the light, so youre nice and easy to spot at night
Well, youre not sneaking through alleyways any longer Youre supposed to stand out
We had a deal and wearing a gold cloak wasnt part of it
Fine, fine No gold cloak
Fine, fine No gold cloak
What?
What?
What? What? Why are you staring at me?
You dont want me cleaning me nails You dont want me looking your way Why am I here?
To help me plan the defense of Kings Landing
To help me plan the defense of Kings Landing
Stannis will be here any day
And one of these explains how to beat him?
An History of the Great Sieges of Westeros By Archmaester Shevelathin Shevelatesh
My Lord Hand Commander I must compliment you on the gold cloaks performance these last few weeks Did you know there has been a marked drop in thievery?
I did not know And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery?
Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves
For questioning?
No Its just the unknown thieves we need to worry about now
We talked about this
Ah The Great Sieges of Westeros Thrilling subject Shame Archmaester ChVyalthan wasnt a better writer
Stannis knows Kings Landing He knows where the walls are strongest, and he knows which gates are weakest The Mud Gate A good ram will batter it down in minutes, and its only 50 yards from the water Thats where hell land
What do we have?
Pig shit
A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight
Thank you, Podrick
Odd little boy
I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys
You and Varys both
Excellent lamprey pie Were you slaving away in the kitchen all day? I hear Joffrey plans on fighting An inspiration for the troops The young king in his shining armor fighting to defend the capital against the wicked old rebel
Hes only a boy
Younger boys are off fighting his war
Hes not ready
What is he, 17? Remember Jaime at 17?
Better than you Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some dont His place is not on the battlefield
Its not on the throne, either, sadly for all of us
Do you think Im an idiot?
No, Id say you possess above-average intelligence
You shipped off my only daughter And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die
Hell have his Kingsguard protecting him He has the finest armor gold can buy He needs to be out there The men will fight more fiercely seeing their king fighting beside them instead of hiding behind his mothers skirts Any dessert?
Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
Because he has thousands of spies in his employ Because he knows everything we do before we do it
Because he doesnt have a cock
Neither do you
Perhaps Im dangerous, too You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man That little worm between your legs does half your thinking
Its not that little
Its not that little
Why are you smiling?
Because Im happy
And why are you happy?
Because I have your little whore
I thought you preferred blondes
Such a droll little fellow Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good Father will be so pleased
Why do you care who I fuck?
Because a Lannister always pays her debts You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed
This is madness Stannis will be here in days You need me
For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore Lovely body The bruises will heal in time
Where did you find her?
Varys isnt the only one who hears whispers Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully
Youve forgotten the most important thing about whores
Oh? Well, youre the expert Tell me
You dont buy them, you only rent them
Youre usually a better liar, baby brother This one you like You like her very much Could it be love? Dont worry, shell be treated gently enough Unless Joffrey is hurt And then every wound he suffers, shell suffer, too And if he dies, there isnt a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt
And how do I know you havent killed her already?
Would you like to see her? I thought you might Ser Mandon, bring in my brothers whore
Im sorry they hurt you You must be brave
Im sorry they hurt you You must be brave
I promise I will free you
Dont forget me
Never
Never
I will hurt you for this A day will come when you think youre safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth And you will know the debt is paid
Get out
Shae
Ive been waiting all night What is wrong?
Youre beautiful
Then why do you look sad?
We have to be more careful
Dont be afraid I can take care of myself
There are people who want to hurt me
I know I wont let them Ill cut off their faces I will
I would kill for you Do you know that? I expect Ill have to before this is over Youre mine
Im yours
Promise me
The Stark forces are distracted Now is the time to strike
To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
If my Uncle Stannis lands on the shores of Kings Landing, Ill ride out to greet him
A brave choice, Your Grace Im sure your men will line up behind you
They say Stannis never smiles Ill give him a red smile from ear to ear
Imagine Stannis terror
I am trying
Youre an intelligent man Id like to think Im an intelligent man
Oh, no one disputes that, my lord, not even the multitudes who despise you
I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men
I wish we could, too
What do you want? Tell me
If were going to play, youll have to start
My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history My sister became queen at the age of 19 When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock
A most highborn plumber
The water never flowed better And all the shit found its way to the sea I never expected to have any real power So when my father named me acting Hand
Youre quite good at being Hand, you know? Jon Arryn and Ned Stark were good men Honorable men But they disdained the game and those who played You enjoy the game
I do Last thing I expected
And you play it well
Id like to keep playing it If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over
They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light
The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with 16 teats
We should sail there immediately
This morning, I heard a song all the way from Qarth beyond the Red Waste Daenerys Targaryen lives
A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems
She has three dragons But even if what they say is true, itll be years before they are fully grown And then there will be nowhere to hide
One game at a time, my friend
Are you afraid, my lion?
If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find Of course Im afraid
I wont let them hurt you
Im a Lannister I dont have a choice in all this But its not your war
It is now
You cant fuck your way out of everything
Ive always hated the bells They ring for horror A dead king, a city under siege
A wedding
Exactly Podrick, is that it?
Is that it? Nice touch As if you dont know the name of every boy in town
Im not entirely sure what youre suggesting
Im entirely sure youre entirely sure what Im suggesting
Do you trust him?
Oddly enough, I do
The map you asked for
There must be 20 miles of tunnels beneath the city
Closer to 50 The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege and to provide escape if necessary
Im not escaping Strange as it sounds, Im the captain of the ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with her
That is good to hear Though Im sure many captains say the same while their ship is afloat You look well suited for battle, my lord
Well, Im not
For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a red priestess from Asshai
What of it?
You dont believe in the old powers, my lord?
Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting What do you think?
I think you believe in what you see and in what those you trust have seen You probably dont entirely trust me
Mmm, dont take it personally I dont entirely trust myself
And yet I have seen things and heard things, things you have not, things I wish I had not I dont believe Ive ever told you how I was cut
No, I dont believe you have
Drums
Remember, wait till the ships
The ships are in the bay
They must be far enough in
I know what in means Do you know how to use that?
I chopped wood once No, I watched my brother chopping wood
Dont get killed
Nor you, my friend
Oh, are we friends now?
Of course we are Just because I pay you for your services doesnt diminish our friendship
Enhances it, really
Oh! Enhances Fancy word for a sellsword
Been spending time with fancy folks
Lady Sansa and Sheila
Shae
Shae, yes Surely my sister has asked you to join the other highborn ladies in Maegors holdfast
Sansa
Always been a great romantic, my nephew
I will pray for your safe return, my lord
Will you?
Just as I pray for the kings
Stay safe, my lady
Wheres our fleet?
On the way
The king has asked you a question
Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the king that the Hand is extremely busy
If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, hell do it without a second thought
That would make me the quarterman It just doesnt have the same ring to it Cut me in half and I wont be able to give the signal No signal, no plan No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere It might be quite amusing, except that my head would be up there, too Ive never much liked my head, but I dont want to see it removed just yet
There they are
Archers to their marks
Nock arrows
Hold fast
What are you doing? We need to attack them
Hold fast
More pressure! Pull! Pull! Thats it, men! Pull! Pull
Hes a serious man, Stannis Baratheon
Theyre coming Theyre coming ashore
Rain fire on them
There are too many
Hound, form a welcome party for any Baratheon troop that manages to touch solid ground Pod, run to the Kings Gate Bring any men guarding it here, now
Fuck the water Bring me wine
Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
Eat shit, dwarf
Youre on the wrong side of the wall
Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight
Youre Kingsguard, Clegane You must beat them back or theyre going to take this city Your kings city
Your Grace, the queen has sent me to bring you back to the Red Keep
If you wont defend your own city, why should they?
What would you have me do?
Lead Get down there and lead your people against the invaders who want to kill them
Who leads us?
Ill lead the attack Ill lead the attack
What are you talking about?
Pod, my helmet Ser Mandon, you will bear the kings banner Men, form up Men Men! They say Im half a man But what does that make the lot of you?
The only way out is through the gates And theyre at the gates
Theres another way out Im going to show you Well come out behind them and fuck them in their arses
Heave! Heave
Dont fight for your king and dont fight for his kingdoms Dont fight for honor Dont fight for glory Dont fight for riches, because you wont get any This is your city Stannis means to sack Thats your gate hes ramming If he gets in, it will be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he will rape
Heave! Heave! Heave
Those are brave men knocking at our door Lets go kill them
Come on, you bastards! Get up those ladders
Attack
Halfman! Halfman! Halfman
Oh, fuck me
And who are you, the proud lord said That I must bow so low? Only a cat of a different coat Thats all the truth I know In a coat of gold or a coat of red A lion still has claws And mine are long and sharp, my lord As long and sharp as yours And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep oer his hall With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep oer his hall And not a soul to hear
Pod
Pod
Pod! Find Bronn or Varys Tell them I am here with Maester Pycelle Tell them I am very much alive
Would you like something for the pain?
What happened?
The murderer and traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father
Where am I?
Come on
Why should I believe you?
Why would I lie about it?
To create strife between my sister and me
Where before there was nothing but love Ser Mandon Moore tried to kill you on your sisters orders If it werent for your squires bravery, youd be a dead man
Pod
Yes, my lord?
Would it be excessive of me to ask you to save my life twice in a week?
No, my lord
Youre a good lad Get Bronn, tell him I want four of his most loyal gold cloaks outside my door at all times
Im afraid your friend has been relieved of his command of the City Watch The gold cloaks are now firmly in the hands of your father or your sister It varies from cloak to cloak
Then my hill tribesmen
Have gone home Your father paid them quite handsomely Im afraid we wont be seeing each other for some time, my lord
Dont want to swim too close to a drowning man? And I thought we were friends
My love
It was good of you to come
I want to see you
Believe me, you dont
I will be the first
Well?
You are a mess
Im a monster as well as a dwarf You should charge me double
You think Im here for money?
That was the arrangement we made I pay you and you lie to me
Oh Im a poor little rich man and nobody loves me, so I make jokes all the time and pay them to laugh Fuck your money Lets leave
Leave?
Leave Kings Landing They tried to kill you They will try again Going into wars, fighting soldiers, youre terrible at this Lets take a boat to Pentos and never come back You dont belong here
What would we do in Pentos?
Eat, drink, fuck, live
I want to go with you
So do it Your father, your sister, all these bad people, they cant stop you Forget about them Come with me
I cant I do belong here These bad people are what Im good at Outtalking them, outthinking them Its what I am And I like it I like it more than anything Ive ever done Are you going to leave?
He said it was a matter of life and death
Pod?
Its your sister The queen
What are they doing here?
Protecting me, I assume Will you let me in?
No, I dont think so
If I wanted to kill you, do you think Id let a wooden door stop me?
They stay outside
Im not afraid of you, little brother
Why are you here?
I wanted to see your face They said youd lost your nose, but its not as gruesome as all that
The man who cut me lost more than his nose
I should hope so The rebels came for Joffreys head, they lost their own Thanks to Father
Thanks to Father Of course, it wasnt a rebel who tried to kill me
No? Curious Bit of a comedown from chamber of the Hand But then I dont suppose you need much room
Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees
Youre meeting Father today?
How do you know that?
Because I have hundreds of spies in my employ The Master of Whisperers owes me a favor or two Father told me What do you want from him?
What do I want from him? Hes my father Do I need to want something? Im sure he loves me dearly, as any father loves his child, his baby boy Yet he hasnt come to visit once since arriving in Kings Landing I lay here, my face split in half, but Father never came
Youre going to make me cry
Why do you care what I want from him?
Because youve slandered me to Father before
Slandered? When?
You told him I had my guards beat that servant girl at Casterly Rock
You did have your guards beat her A girl of nine, I believe
I was nine, too
She lost an eye, if I remember correctly
If I remember correctly, she never stole a necklace again
Its not slander if its true
And whats this truth you plan on telling him today?
Why are you so nervous about what Im going to say to Father?
Because youre a liar I expect youll tell lies about me, about Joffrey
Any lies in particular?
Youre a clever man, but youre not half as clever as you think you are
Still makes me more clever than you
As much as I appreciate a walk in the sunshine, your lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me
A number of people in this city want to kill me Youre here to protect me
Ive been doing that for a while now
Do you grow bored protecting me?
I grow poor protecting you
Poor? Poor? Under my patronage youve become a knight, youve served as Commander of the City Watch
Briefly
Im sure you filled your pockets
And now my pockets are empty Youve given me a taste for the finer things And if you want me to carry on protecting you, youll need to pay more
I thought we were friends
We are But Im a sellsword I sell my sword I dont loan it out to friends as a favor
How much?
Double
Double?
Im a knight now Knights are worth double
I dont even know how much Im paying you now
Lucky?
The badge looks good on you Almost as good as it looked on me Are you enjoying your new position?
Am I enjoying it?
I was very happy as Hand of the King
Yes I heard how happy you were You brought a whore into my bed
It wasnt your bed at the time
I sent you here to advise the king I gave you real power and authority You chose to spend your days as you always have, bedding harlots and drinking with thieves
Occasionally I drank with the harlots
What do you want, Tyrion?
Why does everyone assume I want something? Cant I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield
Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal
I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls I bled in the mud for our family And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start
Jugglers and singers require applause You are a Lannister Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion So tell me what you want
I want what is mine by right Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock I am your son and lawful heir
You want Casterly Rock?
It is mine by right
Well find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock
Why?
My lion
Weve spoken of this You cannot come here
But you said I should come to you with any problems
Did anyone see you? No
No
You sure? My father does not make idle threats Having you killed would be the high point of his week You have to be absolutely certain
You sure? My father does not make idle threats Having you killed would be the high point of his week You have to be absolutely certain
All right What is this problem?
Im worried about Sansa When she spoke with Lord Baelish, his friend warned me about him
Baelish doesnt have friends
I dont know her name
Oh, Ros? The redhead?
How do you know her?
I try to know as many people as I can You never know which one youll need
Shes a whore
Yes, well, we shouldnt be judgmental about these things
You fucked her
Oh, please All right, yes, I fucked her once Twice
Oh, please All right, yes, I fucked her once Twice
But since I met you, my lady, Ive been with no one else
And was she good? Did you like her?
Not as much as I like you, obviously, or shed be the one torturing me right now What did she say about Littlefinger?
That Sansa shouldnt trust him
Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?
We have to protect her
We cant Now that the Lannisters have discarded her, Sansa will have many suitors A great beauty with a very old name
A great beauty? Oh, a great beauty?
Yes, she is, objectively, very Her face is quite pleasing-to other men and to women, people in general But not to me, of course I only have eyes for you
You pervert You want her? This child?
I dont even want to talk about her
But you are
Only because youre making me
I didnt force you to open your mouth and make words come out
This is cruel and unfair Cruelly unfair
Oh, the cruelty Shae is so cruel to me
Hmm, yes
Now do you think Im cruel?
Only if you stop But you mustnt come here again
Only if you stop But you mustnt come here again
Do you hear me? Youve come to a dangerous place full of dangerous people Dangerous people
You know who isnt? Tywin Lannister TYWIN stands by the head of the table PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER enter silently enters next TYWIN sits, then PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER join him remains still, while CERSEI enters and surveys the room She pauses, then walks to the table She picks up one of the two remaining empty chairs and places it directly next to TYWIN, then sits while the others smirk comes forward, and drags the final chair noisily to the opposite head of the table
Intimate Lovely table Better chairs than the old small council chamber Conveniently close to your own quarters I like it
Youll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold Then the young wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who have taken up arms against him
Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelishs absence would present certain problems The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory Summer has ended, hard days lie ahead Not a good time to leave the crowns finances unattended
Fully agreed Which is why Im naming you new Master of Coin
Master of Coin?
It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents
Im quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasnt taught me much about managing it
Yes, all men must die But we are not men
A surprising place to keep the royal ledgers
Im surprised youre surprised This is the safest place in the city
Not for bastards
Thank you, my dear
Pod Pod Take them outside Ill be there in a moment
I hear you owe that boy a significant debt
Only my life Not all that significant, Im afraid
You should have him knighted
If only the Master of Coin had such power
If only I owe you a significant debt Our redheaded friend You secured her release when the queen detained her
Oh, that Of course A simple misunderstanding
Apparently, Her Grace believed that you two had some sort of special relationship
We dont I did fuck her once
I know
But we dont
I know But how would the queen get that idea?
Why dont you ask her? Any advice for me on my new position?
Keep a low profile
If I had a gold dragon for every time I heard that joke, Id be richer than you are
Well, you are richer than I am
Good point
Theyre only numbers Numbers on paper Once you understand that, its easy to make them behave Trivial even You want a real challenge? Try whores
Ive tried quite a few Well, lots of work to do Enjoy the Eyrie
Tonight, then Looks like dull reading
You think all reading is dull reading
Its an opinion I share with some of the finest men I know
The secret history of the Seven Kingdoms is written in these pages
Unless Lord Twatbeard made up a bunch of numbers to hide what hes really up to
Unless he made it all up, yes Podrick, do keep up
Yes, my lord
Podrick
Yes, my lord?
After a long consultation with my colleague Ser Bronn, I finally found a suitable reward for the services youve provided over and above what might be considered reasonable Tell me, Pod, have you ever been with a woman?
No, my lord
Wonderful Genna specializes in first-timers
Uh
A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killers face, wouldnt you say?
A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killers face, wouldnt you say?
Now, as it happens, Marei is quite the spear handler herself Shes here to thank you for staying by my side as the battle raged all around me
Hes handsome You didnt tell me he was handsome
Kayla is famous from here to Volantis in certain circles One of four women in the world who can perform a proper Meereenese Knot
My lord
Shes here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow whos never once failed to address me as my lord
Shes here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow whos never once failed to address me as my lord
Be back in time for my supper
Pace yourself, lad
For years Ive heard that Littlefinger is a magician Whenever the crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and, poof, mountains of gold
Let me guess Hes not a magician
No
Hes stealing it?
Worse, hes borrowing it
Whats wrong with that?
We cant afford to pay it back, thats whats wrong with it The crown owes millions to my father
Seeing as its his grandsons ass on the throne, I imagine hell forgive that debt
Forgive a debt, my father? For a man of the world, youre strangely naive
Ive never borrowed money before Im not clear on the rules
Well Ahem! The basic principle is I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it with interest
And what if I dont?
Well, you have to
But what if I dont?
This is why I dont lend you money Anyway, its not my father Im worried about Its the Iron Bank of Braavos We owe them tens of millions If we fail to repay these loans, the bank will fund our enemies One way or another, they always get their gold back
This is why I dont lend you money Anyway, its not my father Im worried about Its the Iron Bank of Braavos We owe them tens of millions If we fail to repay these loans, the bank will fund our enemies One way or another, they always get their gold back
Ah, the return of the conquering hero Does he have a little jaunt in his step?
The lads practically skipping
You were gone a long time I trust you got your moneys worth Or should I say my moneys worth?
You were gone a long time I trust you got your moneys worth Or should I say my moneys worth?
Oh, it was a gift, Podrick This is more than I give you in a year
Hes a squire You dont pay him
Oh, then its much more than I give you in a year
Maybe theyre trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin
Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them
I didnt tell them anything
What did you do to them?
Lots of things
And they seemed to like these things?
Of course they seemed to like it Theyre paid to seem to like it
Only they werent paid
What are you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free?
Is that what youre telling us? {PODRICK doesnt deny it
Is that what youre telling us? {PODRICK doesnt deny it
Sit down, Podrick
Sit down, Podrick
Were going to need details Copious details
Oh, Lord Tyrion Come in, come in
I hope we might speak In confidence
Oh, always in confidence
About the events of the Blackwater Perhaps this is the wrong time?
Oh, no Its a wonderful time
I thought one of your little birds might have knowledge of my sisters intentions to-
End your life?
I didnt inherit Littlefingers spies along with his position, Im afraid Which is why Im coming to you I need proof
Proof? Will there be a trial?
I need to know
I have no proof, only whispers Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut Do you want to hear it still?
I dont know Do I?
As a boy, I travelled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities One day in Myr, a certain man made my master an offer too tempting to refuse I feared the man meant to use me as Id heard some men used small boys But what he wanted was far worse He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses With a hooked blade he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while He burned my parts in a brazier The flames turned blue and I heard a voice answer his call I still dream of that night Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade I dream of the voice from the flames Was it a god? A demon? A conjurors trick? I dont know But the sorcerer called and a voice answered And ever since that day, I have hated magic and all those who practice it But you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess A symbolic revenge of sorts
Yes, ahem I feel the need for actual revenge against the actual person who tried to have me killed Which will require a degree of influence, which-
But influence is largely a matter of patience, I have found Once I had served the sorcerers purpose, he threw me out of his house to die I resolved to live to spite him I begged I sold what parts of my body remained to me I became an excellent thief and soon learned that the contents of a mans letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the small council chamber Influence grows like a weed I tended mine patiently until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special
The sorcerer
No need to speak Are there any figs? Fetch some I always take figs midafternoon They help move the bowels To what do I owe this summons?
Thank you for seeing me, my lady I had hoped we might discuss a few financial matters
I climbed all those steps to discuss financial matters?
Its the royal wedding Im told you had a hand in planning it
Naturally
Its shaping up to be a very involved affair The word extravagant has been used
What good is the word extravagant if it cant be used to describe a royal wedding?
I understand that
Good
But, as Master of Coin, it falls upon me to calculate the cost for the crown As of now, its a huge expense
And?
And were at war, Lady Olenna
Oh, Id nearly forgotten
Yes, and maintaining supply lines-
I cant think how it slipped my mind What is it,12,000 infantrymen the Tyrell family has supplied? 2,000 in support Provisions so this city might survive the winter A million bushels of wheat Half a million bushels each of barley, oats, and rye 20,000 head of cattle 50,000 sheep You dont have to lecture me about wartime expenses Im quite familiar with them
And we are so grateful for your contributions which are necessary for the preservation of the realm
As is a royal wedding The people are hungry for more than just food They crave distractions And if we dont provide them, theyll create their own And their distractions are likely to end with us being torn to pieces A royal wedding is much safer Wouldnt you say?
I would
I was told you were drunk, impertinent, and thoroughly debauched You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper Where did you go for them, Volantis?
My lady-
Oh, very well I wont have it said that House Tyrell refuses to play its part Well pay for half the expenses and the celebrations will go on as planned Is that sufficient?
Quite sufficient Thank you
Very good, then Thats settled Good day
Give me that
Youre late
Whats she doing here?
Our business concerns her, too Sit
Youll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, Ive saved the crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding
Never mind that now We have something important to discuss
Im Master of Coin Saving money is important
Im Master of Coin Saving money is important
Stop that Youre making me uncomfortable
Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Ser Loras
Very well Shes a lovely girl Missing some of Loras favorite bits, but Im sure theyll make do
Your jokes are not appreciated
It wasnt my best, but-
I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me
Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother
arstarks have marched home The young wolf has lost half his army His days are numbered Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells
The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war Do you really think its wise to refuse them?
Theres nothing to refuse This is a plot Plots are not public knowledge And the Tyrells wont carry this one out until after Joffreys wedding We need to act first and kill this union in its crib
And how do we do that?
We find Sansa Stark a different husband
Wonderful
Yes, it is
You cant mean it
I can and I do
Joffrey has made this poor girls life miserable since the day he took her fathers head Now shes finally free of him and you give her to me? Thats cruel even for you
Do you intend on mistreating her? The girls happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours
Shes a child
There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her Surely youre capable of that
And if I refuse?
You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for And it is past time you were wed
I was wed Or dont you remember?
Its terrible, isnt it? The most terrible place there is
I dont suppose theres anything we can do about this
We can have them both killed
Its hard to say which of the four of us is getting the worst of this arrangement Probably Sansa Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery
Father doesnt discriminate Were all being shipped off to hell together
On a boat you built
The Tyrells were plotting to undermine our family I did what I did to protect our family
Im your family A member of your family who has actively contributed to that familys survival Whether or not you or Father or anyone else wants to admit it
I do admit it If it werent for your trick with the wildfire, Stannis would have sacked the city before Father got here Our heads would still be rotting on the city gate
Trying to have me killed is an odd way of saying thank you There are two people in Kings Landing who can give an order to a Kingsguard Did you or did you not order Ser Mandon to kill me during the Battle of the Blackwater?
Trying to have me killed is an odd way of saying thank you There are two people in Kings Landing who can give an order to a Kingsguard Did you or did you not order Ser Mandon to kill me during the Battle of the Blackwater?
The impulse I understand He hates me because Im the only one who tells him what he really is So, fair enough He wants me dead But his stupidity? He could have had me poisoned and no one would have known But the king orders a Kingsguard to murder the Hand of the King in full view of his own army The boys an idiot
What do you want me to say?
I want you to tell me if my life is still in danger
Probably But not from Joffrey He wont do anything now Fathers here
Seven kingdoms united in fear of Tywin Lannister
Not the Tyrells Soon they wont need to be afraid of him Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore And so will his children and their children History will be taken from our hands
You may escape, at least Once Jaime gets back, Ser Loras may come down with a terrible case of sword through bowels
When Jaime gets back, yes But when do we think thats going to be? Hes out there somewhere
Jaime or not, Im truly fucked
Lady Sansa, Lord Tyrion to see you Should I-
I beg your pardon, my lady
Good afternoon, Lord Tyrion I was just trying on a gown for King Joffreys wedding
Yes, it should be quite a wedding I need to speak with you, Lady Sansa
Of course
Alone, if I may
Shae Please excuse her, Lord Tyrion Shes not from here But I trust her, even though she tells me not to
Sometimes we think we want to hear something and its only afterwards when its too late that we realize we wished wed heard it under entirely different circumstances
Its all right, really
How to begin? Its this this this is awkward
Yes, sweet girl My mother taught me
Shes a child
Shes a foot taller than you
A tall child
Whats the youngest youve ever had?
Not that young
How much older?
Older
Youre a lord, shes a lady And a beauty at that I dont see the problem
Shae isnt going to like it
Shae is a whore Are you gonna marry her? Eh? How did marrying a whore work out for you the first time?
I should never have told you about that
You want Shae, keep her Wed one and bed the other All you have to do is get a son in the Stark girl Hell be Lord of Winterfell one day You can rule the North in his name Youll have two women and a whole kingdom of your own
Two women to despise me and a whole kingdom to join them
You waste time trying to get people to love you, youll end up the most popular dead man in town You want to fuck that Stark girl You just dont want to admit it
I dont pay you to put evil notions in my head The ones already there dont need company
Chains?
Solid gold from the mines outside Lannisport Smithed in Casterly Rock
Golden chains
You could buy a ship with these
Do I need a ship?
What?
Am I going somewhere?
Of course youre not going anywhere
So, am I invited to your wedding?
I didnt ask for this marriage I didnt want it
No? Shes a beautiful girl You said so yourself
That doesnt mean that this is duty, not desire
Is that what you will tell yourself when you fuck her?
I dont have a choice My father-
Does not rule the world We can still go across the Narrow Sea
What would I do there? Juggle? I am a Lannister of Casterly Rock
And Im Shae the funny whore
My feelings for you have not changed I will marry Sansa Stark and do my duty by her
While I empty her chamber pot and lick your cock when youre bored?
I swear to you it will not be like that
No? What will it be like?
I will buy you a good home somewhere in the city You will have fine clothes, guards to keep you safe, servants Any children we might have will be well provided for
Children? You think I want children who can never see their father? Who would be killed in their sleep if their grandfather found out about them?
Listen Listen to me, my lady
Im not your lady
You are Youll always be my lady
Valar morghulis
Lady Sansa
You look very handsome, my lord
Oh, yes The husband of your dreams But you do look glorious Perhaps we could have a moment alone Do you mind? Podrick, could you escort Lady Starks handmaiden?
Oh, yes The husband of your dreams But you do look glorious Perhaps we could have a moment alone Do you mind? Podrick, could you escort Lady Starks handmaiden?
My lady, I want you to know I didnt ask for this
I hope I will not disappoint you, my lord
No, dont You dont have to speak to me as a prisoner anymore You wont be a prisoner after today Youll be my wife I suppose thats a different kind of prison I just wanted to say Im just trying to say very badly I just just want to say I know how you feel
I doubt that very much, my lord
Youre right I have no idea how you feel And you have no idea how I feel
Youre right I have no idea how you feel And you have no idea how I feel
But I promise you one thing, my lady I wont ever hurt you Do you drink wine?
When I have to
Well, today you have to
You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection
Could you
Could you
Thank you
Will you pardon me, my lord?
Of course Of course En enjoy
You seem rather drunk
Rather less than I plan to be Isnt it a mans duty to be drunk at his own wedding?
This isnt about your wedding Renly Baratheon had a wedding Your wife needs a child, a Lannister child, as soon as possible
And?
If youre going to give her one, you need to perform
What did you once call me? A drunken little lust-filled beast
More than once
There you have it Nothing to worry about Drinking and lust, no man can match me in these things I am the god of tits and wine I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit
Time for the bedding ceremony
There will be no bedding ceremony
Wheres your respect for tradition, Uncle? Come, everyone Pick her up and carry her to her wedding bed Get rid of her gown She wont be needing it any longer Ladies, attend to my uncle Hes not heavy
There will be no bedding ceremony
There will be if I command it
Then youll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock
I believe we can dispense with the bedding, Your Grace Im sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king
A bad joke, Your Grace Made out of envy of your own royal manhood Mine is so small My poor wife wont even know Im there
Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace
I am Guilty But but it is my wedding night
I am Guilty But but it is my wedding night
My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do Come, wife
My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do Come, wife
I vomited on a girl once in the middle of the act Not proud of it But I think honesty is important between a man and wife, dont you agree? Come, Ill tell you all about it Put you in the mood
Is that wise, my lord?
Tyrion, Sansa My name is Tyrion
Is that wise, Tyrion?
Nothing was ever wiser
Nothing was ever wiser
Astoundingly long
What?
Neck You have one How old are you exactly?
Neck You have one How old are you exactly?
Well, talk wont make you any older My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage
Well, talk wont make you any older My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage
Stop I cant I could, I wont
But your father-
If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start I wont share your bed Not until you want me to
What if I never want you to?
And so my watch begins
The Second Sons are yours and so is Daario Naharis My sword is yours, my life is yours, my heart is yours
You really ought to knock
Here comes
Hmm Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall
What are you doing?
I have a list
A list of people you mean to kill?
For laughing at me? Do I look like Joffrey to you? No, death seems a bit extreme Fear of death, on the other hand-
You should learn to ignore them
My lady, people have been laughing at me far longer than theyve been laughing at you Im the Halfman, the Demon Monkey, the Imp
Youre a Lannister I am the disgraced daughter of the traitor Ned Stark
The disgraced daughter and the Demon Monkey Were perfect for each other
So how should we punish them?
Who? Whom?
Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall
Ah I could speak to Lord Varys and learn their perversions Anyone named Desmond Crakehall must be a pervert
I hear that youre a pervert
I am the Imp I have certain standards to maintain
We could sheep shift Lord Desmonds bed You cut a little hole in his mattress and you stuff sheep dung inside Then you sew up the hole and make his bed again His room will stink, but he wont know where its coming from
Lady Sansa
My sister used to do that when she was angry with me And she was always angry with me
Why sheep shift?
Thats the vulgar word for dung
My lady-
My lord, my lady Your father has called a meeting of the small council TYWIN, CERSEI, VARYS and PYCELLE are already seated JOFFREY walks behind his grandfather, excited and grinning
Killed a few puppies today?
Oh, apologies, my lord Old fingers
Roslin caught a fine fat trout Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding Signed Walder Frey Is that bad poetry or is it supposed to mean something?
Yes, I did Im going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast
No She is no longer yours to torment
Everyone is mine to torment Youd do well to remember that, you little monster
Oh, Im a monster Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies
Not you
You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper
Youre a fool if you believe hes the most powerful man in Westeros
A treasonous statement Joffrey is king
You really think a crown gives you power?
No I think armies give you power
Mm-hmm
Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same
Mm-hmm
Oh, I know Walder Frey gets all the credit Or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No He never would have risked such an action if he didnt have certain assurances
Which he got from me Do you disapprove?
Im all for cheating This is war
But to slaughter them at a wedding Explain to me why it is more noble to kill 10,000 men in battle than a dozen at dinner
So thats why you did it? To save lives?
To end the war To protect the family Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead, write one Im in this world a little while longer to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood
The northerners will never forget
I believe you still have some work to do on that score
Do you think shell open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?
One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant
I will not rape her
Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
Use small words Im not as bright as you
Does that amuse you?
No, its a very good lesson Only its easy for you to preach utter devotion to family when youre making all the decisions
Easy for me, is it?
When have you ever done something that wasnt in your interest but solely for the benefit of the family?
The day that you were born I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away Instead, I let you live And I brought you as my son Because youre a Lannister
Sansa
If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself
Keep up
I dont think I can, my lord
Its not easy being drunk all the time Everyone would do it if it were easy
So, enjoying married life? An unhappy wife is a wine merchants best friend
She doesnt deserve this
Deserve? Be careful with that Start trying to work out who deserves what and before long youll spend the rest of your days weeping for each and every person in the world
Theres nothing worse than a late-blooming philosopher
Theres nothing worse than a late-blooming philosopher
Will you be facing your marriage to Ser Loras with the same philosophical spirit?
I wont be marrying Ser Loras
I seem to remember saying something similar about my own marriage
Youre not me You want to make things better for Sansa? Give her a child
So you can tell Father it was you who finally talked me into it?
So she can have some happiness in her life
You have children How happy would you say you are?
Not very But if it werent for my children, Id have thrown myself from the highest window in the Red Keep Theyre the reason Im alive
Even Joffrey?
Even Joffrey He was all I had once Before Myrcella was born I used to spend hours looking at him His wisps of hair His tiny little hands and feet He was such a jolly little fellow You always hear the terrible ones were terrible babies We should have known Even then we should have known Its nonsense Whenever he was with me, he was happy And no one can take that away from me, not even Joffrey how it feels to have someone Someone of your own
How long does it go on?
Until weve dealt with all our enemies
Every time we deal with an enemy, we create two more
How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?
Please dont
Seems to me the smart place to meet travelers is in a tavern That way, one party is late, the other party can drink some ale inside
This is the Prince of Dorne were waiting for, not one of your sellsword friends
If hes so damned important, how come they sent you to meet him?
Theres bad blood between the Martells of Dorne and the Lannisters of Casterly Rock Has been for years
And just in case the Martells of Dorne are looking to spill some Lannister blood, it may as well be yours, eh?
No need for cynicism I happen to be an accomplished diplomat
Oh
Ah, here we are
Ah, here we are
Can you read the sigils?
Wild lemons on a purple field, House Dalt of Lemonwood A vulture grasping a baby in its talons, House Blackmont A crowned skull, the Manwoodys of Kingsgrave
Boy knows his Dornish Houses
I need a sigil
And House Martell, a red sun pierced by a spear?
I dont see it, my lord
Well met, my lords His Grace King Joffrey welcomes you in his name My lord father, the Kings Hand, sends his greetings as well I am Tyrion Lannister of Casterly Rock, Master of Coin Forgive me I dont see Prince Doran in your company
The princes health forces him to remain at Sunspear He sends his brother Prince Oberyn to attend the royal wedding in his stead
Yes, the king will be delighted to enjoy the company of a warrior as renowned as Prince Oberyn at his wedding feast
Will he?
And where is Prince Oberyn?
Arrived before dawn Not a man for welcome parties, our prince
Very well My lords, these fine men from the City Watch will escort you to your quarters in the Red Keep
Very well My lords, these fine men from the City Watch will escort you to your quarters in the Red Keep
You must be weary after such a long journey
Some accomplished diplomacy that was Now where?
We must find Prince Oberyn before he kills somebody or several somebodies
How do you plan on finding a single Dornishman in a city this big?
Youre famous for fucking half of Westeros You just arrived at the capital after two weeks of bad roads, where would you go?
Hell live if you get him help straightaway So, decisions
Prince Oberyn, forgive the intrusion We heard there might be.
Prince Oberyn, forgive the intrusion We heard there might be.
trouble
Apologies, my love
Im here to welcome you to the capital
Ellaria Sand, my paramour The kings own Uncle Imp Tyrion, son of Tywin Lannister
If theres anything I can do to make your stay.
Well need a few more girls Girls, yes? OBERYN You dont partake?
Oh, I partook Now Im married
Oh, I partook Now Im married
Prince Oberyn, if I may, a word in private?
Seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake
Oh, they take all kinds
Even Dornishmen
The king is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding
Let us speak truth here Joffrey is insulted I am only the second son after all
Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult
Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult
Why did you come to Kings Landing, Prince Oberyn?
I was invited to the royal wedding
I thought we were speaking truth
The last time I was in the capital was many years ago Another wedding My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the Last Dragon My sister loved him She bore his children Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast Elia wouldnt let the wet nurse touch them And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen left her for another woman That started a war and the war ended right here when your fathers army took the city.
I wasnt actually present
Im asking you a question
Ive heard rumors
So have I The one I keep hearing is that Gregor Clegane the Mountain raped Elia and split her in half with his great sword
I wasnt there I dont know what happened
Tell her she needs to eat
My lady, you do need to eat
I dont need to eat
If I could have a moment alone with my wife
She needs to eat
I cant let you starve
I cant let you starve
I swore to protect you
I swore to protect you
My lady, I am your husband Let me help you
How can you help me?
I dont know, but I can try
I lie awake all night staring at the canopy thinking about how they died
I could get you essence of nightshade to help you sleep
Do you know what they did to my brother? How they sewed his direwolfs head onto his body? And my mother They say they cut her throat to the bone and threw her body in the river
What happened to your family was a terrible crime I didnt know your brother He seemed like a good man, but I didnt know him Your mother, on the other hand, I admired her She wanted to have me executed, but I admired her She was a strong woman And she was fierce when it came to protecting her children Sansa Your mother would want you to carry on You know its true
Will you pardon me, my lord? Id like to visit the godswood
Of course Of course Prayer can be helpful, I hear
My lion
What are you doing?
What does it look like Im doing? Come here
How many times have I told you? You cant visit me here
I know I know We have come to a dangerous place Have you forgotten me? Do you know how long its been?
Of course I havent forgotten
I want you Dont you want me?
Things are a bit tense right now
What things?
My nephew the king wants to murder me My wife hates me because my father murdered her family Oberyn Martell wants to murder everyone whose last name is Lannister
Whats wrong?
I told you Its not a good time
Its never a good time You have your child bride now
Shae
Do you love her?
Love her? I barely know her Shes a child She despises me
Thats not an answer
Of course I dont love her
You tried to ship me away
Ship you away?
Give me diamonds and make me disappear
What in the world are you talking about?
If you want me to leave, just say it Say it
Shh I dont know what youre talking about
Not so pretty now
Your new hand, its nicer than the old one Wouldnt you agree, Pod?
Gilded steel
Youre not eating Why is no one eating? My wife wastes away and my brother starves himself
Im not hungry
You lost a hand, not a stomach Try the boar Cersei cant get enough of it since one killed Robert for her
You lost a hand, not a stomach Try the boar Cersei cant get enough of it since one killed Robert for her
A toast To the proud Lannister children The dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness
No, Ill do it Leave us
Its only wine
I cant fight anymore
What about your left?
I can hold a sword, but all my instincts are wrong How can I protect the king when I can hardly wipe my own ass?
Youre the Lord Commander now Command Let others do the fighting When was the last time Father used a sword?
Im not Father Im the Kingslayer When people find out I cant slay a pigeon.
Train, then Learn to fight with your other hand
With whom? You? Men talk Soon as someone discovers I cant fight, hell tell everyone
You need a proper, discreet swordsman As it happens, I have just the one
You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin Bring this creature of yours Maybe hell be of some use Take the Moat for the family, for our family, and Ill reconsider your position
Lord Varys Breakfasting with the king?
Im afraid foreigners arent welcome at such exclusive affairs
Oh, to be foreign
Shae has been noticed Sansas maid saw you with her She already told your sister Its only a matter of time before your father hears
So Im guilty of being seen with my own wifes handmaiden My father will ask you if theres anything more and youll tell him some clever lie
No, I will not How long do you imagine your father and sister would let me live if they suspected me of lying? I have no pet sellsword to protect me No legendary brother to avenge me Only little birds who whisper in my ear
Forgive me if I dont weep for you
No one weeps for spiders or whores I have friends across the sea who could help her
She wont leave Ive told her this is a dangerous place so many times, she no longer believes it
A book?
The Lives of Four Kings Grand Maester Kaeths history of the reigns of Daeron the Young Dragon, Baelor the Blessed, Aegon the Unworthy, and Daeron the Good A book every king should read
Widows Wail I like that Every time I use it, itll be like cutting off Ned Starks head all over again
Dont
You want me on the desk? Whats wrong, my lion?
Dont call me that
What should I call you?
Im afraid our friendship cant continue
Our friendship?
Theres a ship waiting in the harbor bound for Pentos
What is this?
Im a married man My wife has suffered a great deal, as you well know I dont want her to suffer anymore on my account I need to uphold my vows
She doesnt want you
I need to do right by her
You dont want her
By our children
What are you afraid of?
Im not afraid
Im not afraid of them Im not going to run
Shae
We will fight them together Its like you said, I am yours and you are mine
Youre a whore! Sansa is fit to bear my children and you are not I cant be in love with a whore I cant have children with a whore How many men have you been with? 500? 5,000?
How many whores have you been with?
I have enjoyed my time with all of them and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all But now that time is over
I have enjoyed my time with all of them and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all But now that time is over
Youll have a comfortable life in Pentos Bronn will escort you to your ship Stanniss army camp in the Stormlands at night
We have a new queen
Better her than you
All taken care of
You saw her board the ship?
Aye, shes on it
You saw the ship sail away?
No one knows shes there but you, me, and Varys
How do you know?
Because if someone follows me without an invitation, Im the last person they ever follow
Theres someone following you?
Hello
Hello
You look exquisite, child The wind has been at you, though I havent had the opportunity to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your brother War is war, but killing a man at a wedding, horrid What sort of monster would do such a thing? As if men need more reasons to fear marriage
My lady My lady
Yes, my lord
Well have to find another way to thank the king
Well fought Well fought Here you are Champions purse Though youre not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign Uncle How about you? Im sure they have a spare costume
One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace I would like to keep what remains of my face I think you should fight him This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle I speak as a firsthand witness Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne Be careful, though This one is clearly mad with lust It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night
One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace I would like to keep what remains of my face I think you should fight him This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle I speak as a firsthand witness Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne Be careful, though This one is clearly mad with lust It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night
A fine vintage Shame that it spilled
Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as youre too cowardly to fight
Your Grace does me a great honor
Can we leave now?
Lets find out
Uncle Where are you going? Youre my cupbearer, remember?
I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace
Mm, good Needs washing down
If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired
No No, youll wait here un.
Your Grace?
We need each other You help me serve justice to the kings assassins and I will help you serve justice to Elias
Podrick Apologies for the stench
I brought you some wine, my lord, but they took it from me
A noble effort
They didnt find the candles, though A quill, some parchment, duck sausage, almonds, and some hard cheese
Youre a good lad Any word of Shae?
Ive heard nothing, my lord
I suppose thats a good thing What are they saying about me out there?
Youre to stand trial in a fortnight for murdering the king
Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
No, my lord You didnt?
No Gods, no The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it I would like to think if I were arranging a royal assassination, Id plan it in such a way that I wouldnt be standing there gawking like a fool when the king died Trial in a fortnight Have they announced the judges yet?
Your father
Of course
Mace Tyrell
Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote
And Prince Oberyn of Dorne
Oberyn? Give it to my father He never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy
Im supposed to get a list of names from you, my lord Anyone who might testify on your behalf
Oh, I can call my own witnesses? How generous of them Very well, my wife Sansa
My lord, shes gone
Gone?
No ones seen her since the wedding You dont think she.
No one had more cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl is no assassin Whoever killed the king wanted me to lose my head for it And with my wifes disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty Podrick
Yes, my lord?
Theyll be following you now
Who will?
I dont know They They The ominous they The man pulling the strings Or woman My father Maybe Joffrey was too much work for him Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume its my sister that had a hand in it But say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children She is the only one Im certain had nothing to do with this murder Which makes it unique as Kings Landing murders go
Any other witnesses, my lord?
Varys could vouch for me if he dared
Hes already been called as a witness for the queen
Of course Fetch Bronn I have a job for him
Ive already asked, my lord They wont let him see you
Why not?
They say hes a known cutthroat and your close associate Hes under investigation himself
And my brother? Will they at least allow me to see Jaime?
Theres something else, my lord A man, I didnt know his face, he came to ask if Id testify against you Said Id be named Ser Podrick Payne if I told the judges youd bought a poison called the Strangler
Ser Podrick Payne? Has a nice ring to it What did you tell him?
I didnt tell them anything, my lord
Are you going to accept their offer?
My lord
Testifying against me wasnt a suggestion If they cant tempt you with honey, theyll choose something less sweet
Youve been good to me, my lord
Pod, the trials in a fortnight Theyll want an answer before that
I already gave them an answer, my lord
I will not have you dying on my behalf Do you hear me? If I have to take that long walk to the executioners block, I dont want to see your head already mounted
My lord
Pod, I am giving you an order Go and find my brother Tell him I need him And get yourself out of Kings Landing before its too late Pod! This is farewell
Farewell, my lord
Pod There has never lived a more loyal squire
To tell you the truth, this isnt so bad Four walls A pot to piss in I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Maybe a bit Im sorry I didnt come sooner
Its complicated, yes So how is our sister?
How do you think? Her son died in her arms
Her son?
Dont You know whats coming?
My trial for regicide.Yes, I know I know the whole bloody country thinks Im guilty I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count And that judge is my father As for Cersei, well, shes probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed
Now that you mention it, she did ask
So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
Depends Did you do it?
ingslayer brothers You like it? I like it Youre really asking if I killed your son?
Are you really asking if Id kill my brother? How can I help you?
Well, you could set me free
You know I cant
Then theres really nothing else to say
What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? Im the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard
Sorry, Id forgotten Id hate for you to do something inappropriate
Inappropriate? Youre accused of killing the king.Freeing you is treason
Except I didnt do it
Not just yours Shes offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark
Sansa couldnt have done this She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms Do you think its a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
Sansa couldnt have done this She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms Do you think its a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
No, but Sansas not a killer Not yet, anyway
Such as?
Let me guess, Ive been pardoned
Let me guess, Ive been pardoned
Really?
Fathers orders
Well, we mustnt disappoint Father , the Iron Throne room
Tyrion of the House Lannister, you stand accused by the Queen Regent of regicide Did you kill King Joffrey?
No
Did your wife, the Lady Sansa?
Not that I know of
How would you say he died, then?
Choked on his pigeon pie
So you would blame the bakers?
Or the pigeons Just leave me out of it
Once wed got King Joffrey safely away from the mob, the Imp rounded on him He slapped the king across the face and called him a vicious idiot and a fool It wasnt the first time the Imp threatened Joffrey Right here in this throne room, he marched up those steps and called our king a halfwit Compared His Grace to the Mad King and suggested hed meet the same fate And when I spoke in the kings defense, he threatened to have me killed
Oh, why dont you tell them what Joffrey was doing?
Silence
Pointing a loaded crossbow at Sansa Stark while you tore at her clothes and beat her
Youre excused, Lord Varys
Father, may I ask the witness one question?
One
You once said that without me, this city would have faced certain defeat You said the histories would never mention me, but you would not forget Have you forgotten, Lord Varys?
And you have mine -
Not going well, is it?
Youre going to be found guilty
Oh, you think so?
Father is not Joffrey Hell keep his word
How do you know?
I did everything he wanted Whatever he told me to do to him Whatever he felt like doing to me I kissed him where he wanted I licked him where he wanted I let him put himself where he wanted I was his property I would wait in his chambers for hours so he could use me when he was bored He ordered me to call him my lion, so I did I took his face in my hands and said, I am yours and you are mine
Shae Please dont
I am a whore Remember? That was before he married Sansa After that, all he wanted was her But she wouldnt let him into her bed So he promised to kill King Joffrey for her
Father, I wish to confess I wish to confess
You wish to confess?
I saved you I saved this city and all your worthless lives I should have let Stannis kill you all
Tyrion Do you wish to confess?
Yes, Father Im guilty Guilty Is that what you want to hear?
You admit you poisoned the king?
No, of that Im innocent Im guilty of a far more monstrous crime I am guilty of being a dwarf
You are not on trial for being a dwarf
Oh, yes, I am Ive been on trial for that my entire life
Have you nothing to say in your defense?
Nothing but this I did not do it I did not kill Joffrey, but I wish that I had
Nothing but this I did not do it I did not kill Joffrey, but I wish that I had
Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than 1,000 lying whores
Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than 1,000 lying whores
I wish I was the monster you think I am I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you I would gladly give my life to watch you all swallow it
I made a deal for you to keep your ungrateful head on your ungrateful neck a little while longer
Im sorry, what am I grateful for? The opportunity to live and die at the Wall as punishment for a crime I did not commit?
You threw your life away You threw it away Its not a joke You understand that, dont you?
Of course its a joke, just not a very funny one I couldnt I couldnt listen to her standing there telling her lies I couldnt do it
You fell in love with a whore
Yes, I fell in love with a whore And I was stupid enough to think that she had fallen in love with me That deal you made, it was everything Father wanted You do see that? He gets you back as his heir The future Lord of the Rock And he ships me off to Castle Black, out of sight at last All so perfect It felt good to take that from him He knows Im innocent and hes willing to sacrifice me anyway Hes willing to sacrifice any of us Not you Youre the golden son You could kill a king, lose a hand, fuck your own sister, youll always be the golden son
Careful Im the last friend youve got
At least I got to tell them what they really are
Yes, brilliant speech Theyll be talking about it for days to come I thought you were a realist Didnt realize youd die for pride
Dont give up on me just yet I survived one trial by combat, even though you werent there to save me
I cant save you this time either My training has proved that I cant beat a stable boy with my left hand
Wheres your sense of adventure? Even if you lose, imagine the look on Fathers face when you fall
Wheres your sense of adventure? Even if you lose, imagine the look on Fathers face when you fall
Our family name snuffed out with a single swing of the sword
It is tempting
Well Bronn fought for me once, hell do it again If he wins, I expect Ill be in his debt for the rest of my life
If he wins
Will you find him for me? Who does Cersei plan on naming as a champion? I hope its Ser Meryn Trant Id enjoy watching Bronn disembowel that pompous child beater
My lord
You have new clothes
Do you like em? Eh? Gloves are doeskin Softer than a virgins thighs
I sent for you days ago
Ive been a bit busy
Doing what?
My lonesome bachelor days are over Im to wed Lollys Stokeworth
Lollys Stokeworth? She doesnt strike me as your sort of girl
I wouldnt say I had a single sort of girl
Shes dim-witted
If I wanted wits, Id marry you
When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
Falyse Aye, I did know about the older sister
And you understand the rules of inheritance?
Falyse is 40 and barren
She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies
What? Ladies fall from their horses and snap their pretty necks all the time
You and my sister deserve each other Why did you bother to come here?
You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, youd double their price
Is it two wives you want or two castles?
One of each will do But if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, itd better be a damn big castle
Im a bit short on castles at the moment But I can offer you gold and gratitude
I have gold What can I buy with gratitude?
You might be surprised A Lannister always pays his debts
Your sisters a Lannister, too
My wife is heir to Winterfell If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name I could carve you out a big piece of it
If and may and could Its bloody cold up north Lollys is soft and warm And close If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, youd have your britches down and your cock out before I could blink
Does he frighten you so much?
Id be a bloody fool if he didnt frighten me Hes freakish big and freakish strong And quicker than youd expect for a man of that size Maybe I could take him, dance around until hes so tired of hacking at me, he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow But one misstep and Im dead Why should I risk it?
Because youre my friend
I like you, pampered little shit that you are I just like myself more
I understand
Im sorry it has to be this way
Why are you sorry? Because youre an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? Thats what I liked about you in the first place
We had some good days together
Yes, we did
What will you do?
I suppose Ill have to kill the Mountain myself Wont that make for a great song?
No
I imagined youd be back at the brothel at this hour
I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day
Mm, do tell Ive got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like
Your sister
Oh
Cersei approached me We spoke a great deal about her daughter How worried your sister is about her She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you I think she may have even believed it herself
Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts
It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters She desperately wants to see you killed
She didnt need to bother you It looks as though Ive taken care of that myself The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck Shes wanted this for a long time
Yes, I know We met, you and I Many years ago
I think I would have remembered that
Unlikely You had just been born Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him on a visit to Casterly Rock My first time away from Dorne I didnt like anything about the Rock Not the food, not the weather, your accents Nothing But the biggest disappointment you
You and my family have more in common than you might admit
The whole way from Dorne all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy
That would have made things so much easier
When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us Every day we would ask Every day she would say, Soon Then she and your brother took us to your nursery and she unveiled the freak Your head was a bit large Your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw No red eye No tail between your legs Just a tiny pink cock We didnt try to hide our disappointment Thats not a monster, I told Cersei Thats just a baby And she said, He killed my mother And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off Until your brother made her stop It doesnt matter, she told us Everyone says he will die soon I hope they are right He should not have lived this long
Well sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants
And what about what I want? Justice for my sister and her children
If you want justice, youve come to the wrong place
Shall we go?
Wine always helps I thank you for it Trial by combat Deciding a mans guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces Tells you something about the gods How much longer?
Soon
Do you think Oberyn has a chance? The Red Viper of Dorne You dont get a name like that unless youre deadly, right?
Ive never seen him fight
Oh, hes going to die Im going to die
Oberyn believes in himself
Thats putting it mildly Whats the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
Beheading
Seems rather ordinary And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers Filicide is sons Nepoticide Thats the one Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide Theres no kind of killing that doesnt have its own word
Cousins
Cousins, youre right There is no word for cousin killing Well done Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?
Of course Wet-nurse dropped him on his head Left him simple
Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden Crushing beetles with a rock
Khuu! Khuu! Khuu
Nothing made him happier
Nothing made you happier Youd think being tormented from birth would have given you some affinity for the afflicted
On the contrary Laughing at another persons misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else
The joke wore thin, though
For you You drifted away
I had other interests
Yes, other interests But I stayed with Orson
Why?
I was curious Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles? He gave me an answer Smash the beetles Smash em Khuu! Khuu! Khuu! I wasnt deterred I was the smartest person I knew Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron So I went to Maester Volariks library
Volarik Tried to touch me once
Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons Doesnt seem right In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orsons affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter So I went back to the source I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior  a beetle as I watched, I became more and more sure of it There was something happening there His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didnt understand But he wasnt mindless He had his reasons And I became possessed with knowing what they were I began to spend inordinate amounts of time watching him I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of khuu, khuu, khuu And when I wasnt watching him, I was thinking about him Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orsons beetles I read the histories of Targaryen conquests Did I hear dragon wings? No I heard khuu, khuu, khuu and I still couldnt figure out why he was doing it And I had to know, because it was horrible that all these beetles should be dying for no reason
Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles?
I know, I know But still, it filled me with dread Piles and piles of them, years and years of them How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies I tried to stop Orson once
He was twice your size
He just pushed me aside with a khuu and kept on smashing Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him  beetle back on the ground what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?
Good luck today
Looks like very light armor
I like to move around
You could at least wear a helmet You shouldnt drink before a fight
You learn this during your years in the fighting pits? I always drink before a fight
It could get you killed It could get me killed
Size does not matter when you are flat on your back
Thank the gods
Kill me Kill me! Kill me! Kill me
Oh, get on with it you son of a whore
Is that any way to speak about our mother?
What're you doing?
What do you think I'm doing? The galley's waiting in the bay bound for the Free Cities
Who's helping you?
Varys
Varys?
There's a locked door at the top of the stairs Knock on it twice, and then twice again Varys will open
I suppose this is goodbye, then
Farewell, little brother
Jaime, thank you For my life
Tywin my lion.
I'm sorry I'm sorry
Tyrion! Put down the crossbow Who released you? Ah, your brother ,I expect He always had a soft spot for you Come, we'll go and talk in my chambers Is this how you want to speak to me? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure
All my life, you've wanted me dead
40
I loved her
Who?
Shae
Bah, Tyrion Put down that crossbow
I murdered her With my own hands
It doesn't matter
It doesn't matter?
She was a whore
Say that word again
And what? You'll kill your own father in the privy? No You're my son Enough of this nonsense
I am your son, and you sentenced me to die You knew I didn't poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same Why?
Enough We'll go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity
I can't go back there She's in there
You shot me You're no son of mine
I am your son I have always been your son
Apologies
I still don't see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail
I saved your life If they catch you, they catch me I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that fucking crate'
Do you know what it's like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
No I only know what it's like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard
Pentos?
The home of my colleague Ilyrio Mopatis A merchant He and I met many years ago, through mutual friends A group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster he was We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting the Targaryen restoration And thus began the chain of mistakes that has led us both here Things have gotten worse, not better Westeros needs to be saved from itself
Much better
My lord?
I don't think I am anymore A lord Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don't suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore That has to be happen all the time
You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea
In a box Why stop now?
Because we are talking about the future of our country
The future is shit Just like the past
Perhaps?
Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers
There are faster ways to kill yourself
Not for a coward
You are many things, my friend, but not a coward
You never told me why you set me free
Your brother asked me to
You could have said no
Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition
Not as dangerous as releasing me You risked your life, your position, everything Why? You're not family, you owe me nothing
I didn't do it for you I did it for the Seven Kingdoms
A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms
I don't believe in saviors I believe men of talent have a role to play in the war to come
You're going to have to find another soldier I'm done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me
You have many admirable qualities, self-pity is not one of them Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power But earning it for yourself, that takes work
I'm not well-suited for work
I think you are You have your father's instinct for politics, and you have compassion
Compassion? Yes I killed my lover with my bare hands I shot my own father with a crossbow
I never said you were perfect
What is it you want exactly?
Peace Prosperity A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless
Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that's how they became powerful in the first place
Perhaps And perhaps we've grown so used to horror we assume there's no other way If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?
I will never sit on the Iron Throne
No, you won't But you could help another climb those steps and take that seat The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis A monarch who can intimidate the high lord and inspire the people A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name
Good luck finding him
Who said anything about him? You have a choice my friend You can stay here at Ilyrio's palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Mereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for
Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
Your Grace
Theres a bug
Yes, best be careful You might accidentally consume some solid food
When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?
You dont like it?
I want to take a walk
You cant Cersei has offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head
She ought to offer her cunt Best part of her for the best part of me Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere
Are we really going to spend the entire road to Volantis talking about the futility of everything?
Youre right No point The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen Whats in Volantis?
The road to Meereen
And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?
I told you A ruler
Weve already got a ruler Everywhere has already got a ruler Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someones banner hanging from it
You were quite good, you know At ruling During your brief tenure as Hand
I didnt rule I was a servant
Still, a man of talent
Managed to kill a lot of people
Yes, but showed great promise in other areas as well
She wanted me to leave Kings Landing She begged me I wouldnt go
Why?
Cause I liked it Power Even as a servant
People follow leaders And they will never follow us They find us repulsive
I find us repulsive
And we find them repulsive, which is why we surround ourselves with large, comfortable boxes to keep them away And yet, no matter what we do, people like you and me are never really satisfied inside the box Not for long
Youre right Lets go for a walk
No
How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all?
Id like to read the reply
I have to get out of this wheelhouse
Volantis is a large city
I have to get out of this wheelhouse
The likelihood of you being spotted here increases a hundredfold
Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse
Im not sure how many new ways I can find of saying this
I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind I cant remember the last face I saw that wasnt yours
Its a perfectly good face
Im losing my mind
If anyone recognizes you, youll lose more than that
Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros What am I? One more drunk dwarf
Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros What am I? One more drunk dwarf
Slaves
Bought and sold, , scourged and branded.
The only red priest we had in Kings Landing was Thoros of Myr This ones much better looking
nan
Stone men Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer Youd have better luck dancing away the plague
He has sent you a saviour! From the fire she was reborn to remake the world! The Dragon Queen
Were going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me Who doesnt want to meet the Saviour?
Were going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me Who doesnt want to meet the Saviour?
Come on Lets find a brothel
It's good luck to rub a dwarf's head
Its even better luck to suck a dwarfs cock
Its even better luck to suck a dwarfs cock
See? We blend right in Just two more travellers, mad with lust
Thank you
Curious hair
The mother of dragons
It appears youre not the only Targaryen supporter
I bet you bloody are
Well, , shes taken
Wherere you going?
I need to speak to someone with hair
I need to speak to someone with hair
Hello?
Hello
Youve got no drink
Youve got no money
Do I look like a man without money? Never trust looks Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? I always pay my debts, Im well known for it
You like her? They all like her They all want to fuck a queen
That's because they've never met a queen
Youre just saying that
You know how to spot a liar If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you
Why?
Because you have a skeptical mind
Come on
Im, Im sorry, I cant
Of course you can Youre shy
Im not
Have another drink
Gladly, but this, I cant do Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am I hope it passes What will I do in my spare time? I'll go for a piss, that's a start
Gladly, but this, I cant do Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am I hope it passes What will I do in my spare time? I'll go for a piss, that's a start
No need to worry, I was just Oh, I thought you were someone else Shows almost over Im sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige
No need to worry, I was just Oh, I thought you were someone else Shows almost over Im sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige
You made some kind of mistake Why dont you tell me what you think you are doing and
I made my choice long ago
Thank you Who are you?
Your captor
Do you have wine?
No
I cant sleep without wine
Then stay awake
Youre going the wrong way My sisters in Westeros Westeros is west! Were heading east
Im not taking you to your sister
You said you were taking me to the Queen
I am Queen Daenerys Targaryen Shes the Queen I serve
What a waste of a good kidnapping So happens I was heading there myself
What business would you have with the Queen?
Gold and glory Oh, and hate If youve ever met my sister, youd understand So now that its clear were on the same side? A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate Youre Jorah Mormont I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, werent you? Its all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but its all coming back You passed notes to Varyss little birds She found out, didnt she? Found out, and exiled you And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift A risky scheme One might even say, desperate Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? Id say the reverse is just as likely
And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees
Dont worry Ill be fine Nothing broken, I dont think Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face The Mormont way Lets start over I apologize for before My mouth sometimes runs away from me This doesnt have to be an unpleasant trip Were going to be spending a lot of time together on the way to Meereen
We are
What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine
No wine
I am a person who drinks People who drink need to keep drinking Otherwise, theyre not
I am a person who drinks People who drink need to keep drinking Otherwise, theyre not
I know where we are Youre taking us through Valyria
I am
Have you sailed this route before?
No
Youre going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland in case Im not enough?
I think youll be plenty
You know what they say The Doom still rules Valyria What about the demons and the flames? Arent you afraid of the Doom?
No But the pirates are
Oh
Oh
The Smoking Sea How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything And then
45
I would clap
I would clap
I suppose this is it, then This is what remains
I suppose this is it, then This is what remains
What was that?
Get behind
Mormont, cut me free! Mormont
Mormont, cut me free! Mormont
Mormont! Mormont
Youre heavier than you look Did any of them touch you?
You? Ive seen greyscale before, but nothing like that
I suppose thats why they send them there
Itd be kinder to put daggers in their hearts and be done with it Thank you for saving me Of course, I wouldnt have needed saving if you hadnt kidnapped me in the first place So what now?
We walk, up the coast With luck, well find a fishing village Maybe another boat
Without luck?
We never stop playing
So, those villages we were supposed to find We can't live on berries and roots
I can
You're not hungry?
Of course I'm hungry
You're an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met
I am not your travelling companion
We are travelling together In each other's company Therefore
Do you ever shut up?
I sailed from King's Landing to Pentos in a crate Without ever saying a word
Why?
Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis
I'm sure you've visited many brothels in many cities
I killed my father He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn't commit And he was fucking the woman I loved
I killed my father He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn't commit And he was fucking the woman I loved
As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man
What do you know about my father?
I met him I visited the Wall When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them He actually cared about the people in his command How did they put it in the Watch? We shall never see his like again
I met him I visited the Wall When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them He actually cared about the people in his command How did they put it in the Watch? We shall never see his like again
You didn't know I'm sorry I am
How?
I only know what I heard
How?
He was leading an expedition beyond the wall There was a mutiny He was murdered by his own men
No The girl is not ready to become no one But she is ready to become someone else
Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Robert's Rebellion
Do you believe in anything?
I believe in many things
In something greater than ourselves, I mean The Gods Destiny Do you believe theres a plan for this world?
No
Neither did I I was a cynic, just like you Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs When the fire burned out I thought I'd find her blackened bones Instead I found her Daenerys Alive and unhurt Holding her baby dragons Have you ever heard baby dragons singing?
No
Its hard to be a cynic after that
Doesn't mean she's going to be a great queen
No it doesn't
The Targaryens are famously insane What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?
First we have to conquer the world
We? Alright, let's assume your dreams come true She's ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf She hacks off my head and restores your position You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne Hurrah, long live the Queen Then what?
Then she rules
So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? That's justice?
She is the rightful heir
Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king?
Shh! It's a slave ship
Why is it anchored?
Worthless Cut his throat
Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, let's discuss this
And then chop off his cock We can sell it for a fortune A dwarf's cock has magic powers
Wait, wait, wait, wait! You can't just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it He has to know it came from a dwarf And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?
It will be a dwarf-sized cock
Guess again
We're bound to Volantis, not Slaver's Bay Besides, she reopened the fighting pits I never heard of free men fighting in the pits
The fighting puts in Mereen! You're in luck then, you're about to be rich You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms
The fighting puts in Mereen! You're in luck then, you're about to be rich You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms
Him
Him? He's got to be 60 years old
Sure, he's a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long We can all see that But he is a veteran of 100 battles They wrote songs about him
Is that true?
He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself
He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself
ingslayer
Sold
Wait! You have to buy me as well
Why?
We're a team I'm a great fighter, too
Alright He's funny
Thank you my Lord Thank you
Yes
My Lord, if I may I've heard Mereen's become a free city You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage
I've sacrificed more than enough for your traditions
What are you doing?
Khaleesi, please, I just need a moment of your time I brought you a gift
It's true He has
Who are you?
I am the gift It's a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace My name is Tyrion Lannister
You will not speak How do I know you are who you say you are?
If only I were otherwise
If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldn't I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine
You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time
So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?
Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met It's too soon to know if you deserve my service
If you'd rather return to the fighting pits just say the word
When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world I thought you were worth meeting at the very least
And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?
Because you can not build a better world on your own You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you
I have a very large army and very large dragons
Killing and politics aren't always the same thing When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name
So you want to advise me Very well What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned
I know
Why should the people trust a queen who can't keep her promises?
Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man I can't remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him And yet he did betray you
Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man I can't remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him And yet he did betray you
Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?
Yes, many opportunities
And did he?
No Not until forced to do so
He worships you He is in love with you, I think But he did not trust you with the truth an unpleasant truth, to be sure but one of great significance to you He did not trust that you would be wise enough to forgive him
So I should kill him?
A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion And you're going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if you're ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea But you cannot have him by your side when you do
So have you decided yet? Whether I'm worthy of your service?
Have you decided yet whether you're going to have me killed?
It's probably my safest option
I can see why you would think so It's what your father would have done
And what would your father do?
My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? I'd say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear
Is that why you killed him?
Some day if you decide not to execute me, I'll tell you all about why I killed my father And on that day, should it ever come, we'll need more wine than this
I know what my father was What he did I know the Mad King earned his name
So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers
I'm terrible?
I've heard stories
Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?
To see if you were the right kind of terrible
Which kind is that?
The kind that prevents your people from being even more so
I did reopen the fighting pits Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment
Yes, that was wise And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good Very impressive My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid She ended up having him killed
Perhaps it won't come to that
It's not impossible that Varys was right about you after all
Varys? King Robert's spy master?
Yes He was the one who convinced me to come find you He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself
Jorah sent my secrets to Varys For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me
He did what he had to do to survive He did a lot of other things that he didn't have to do I suspect he's the main reason you weren't slaughtered in your crib
But you trust him?
Yes, oddly He might be the only person in the world that I trust Besides my brother
The brother who killed my father
That's the one
Perhaps I will have you killed after all
Your queenly prerogative I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting
I'm not going to kill you
No? Banish me?
No
So if I'm not going to be murdered, and I'm not going to be banished.
You're going to advise me While you can still speak in complete sentences
Advise you on what?
How to get what I want
The Iron Throne Perhaps you should try wanting something else
If I want jokes I'll get myself a proper fool
I'm not entirely joking There's more to the world than Westeros after all How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong Where you can do the most good
I fought so that no child born into Slaver's Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold I will continue that fight here and beyond But this is not my home
And when you get back to your home, who supports you?
The common people
Let's be generous and assume that's going to happen Here in Slaver's Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that The remaining Lannisters won't back you, not ever Stannis Baratheon won't back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours That leaves the Tyrells Not impossible, but not enough
Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell They're all just spokes on a wheel This ones on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground
It's a beautiful dream Stopping the wheel You're not the first person to have dreamt it
That one, the smaller man, no question, that's where you should put your money
The smaller man it is
You don't approve?
There's always been more than enough death in the world for my taste I can do without it in my leisure time
Fair enough, yet it's an unpleasant question but what great thing has ever been accomplished without killing or cruelty?
It's easy to confuse what is with what ought to be Especially when what is has worked in your favor
That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen Which has existed long before you arrived and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt
My father would have liked you
So your reasons are true, and theirs are false They don't know their own minds, but you do
Well said, you're an eloquent man Doesn't mean you're wrong In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles
Shut your mouth
You can end this
She cannot
You can
Your Grace, Your Grace, come with me! I know a way out! I know a way-
Stay close
Myrcella?! Myrcella?
You love her, don't you? How could you not Of course, it's hopeless for the both of you Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen But, we always want the wrong woman
It's true And I would be dead if not for the little man
Dwarf I believe that's the word Apologies My Valyrian is a bit nostril'
A bit rusty'
Rusty' Thank you
None of that matters now The longer we sit here bantering the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness
He's right The dragon headed north If we're going to find her, that's where we're to go
We? You're a Lannister The Queen intends to remove your family from power
And I intend to help her do it
You've been here for how many days now? I've fought for her for years Since she was little more than a child
You betrayed her
Careful now
And she exiled you, twice, I believe?
The second time thanks to you
Don't blame me for your crimes, Mormont
He's right The Queen exiled Jorah And he's right, Jorah saved her life Perhaps she feels differently about him now Perhaps not The only way we'll know is if we ask her
Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep
Forgive me, but why would we bring you?
Pardon me?
Have you ever tracked animals in the wilderness?
Not precisely, but I have other skills that'd be very useful-
Can you fight?
I have fought I don't claim to be a great warrior
Are you good on a horse?
Middling
So mainly you talk?
And drink I've survived so far
I thought we were so happy together until you abandoned me
I suppose there's no point in asking how you found me
The birds sing in the west, the birds sing in the east If one knows how to listen They tell me you've already found favor with the Mother of Dragons
Well, she didn't execute me, so that's a promising start Now the heroes are off to find her, and I'm stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war Any advice for an old comrade?
Information is the key You need to learn your enemies' strengths and strategies You need to learn which of your friends are not your friends
If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies
If only A grand old city, choking on violence, corruption, and deceit Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast?
I did miss you
You're a greedy bitch, you know that?
We're never going to fix what's wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid
We're never going to fix what's wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid
We'll be fine We're dressed like common merchants
You walk like a rich person
You've spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?
You walk as though the paving stones were your personal property I used to steal from people like you when I was a boy
It's a good thing you're not a boy anymore because you have no cock
It's a good thing you're not a boy anymore because you have no cock
For your baby To eat
Mhysa means mother in Valyrian
I know what mhysa means
Who wrote it?
Hard to know Our queen is not as popular in Meereen as she used to be
The Sons of the Harpy?
Very possibly Daenerys Targaryen took away their most valuable property, told them human beings weren't even property to begin with You can see why they're unhappy Of course, it could also be the freed men
The Lord of Light sent the Mother of Dragons to you, and those who love the darkness chased her away
Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them
How will you respond? Will you wring your hands, while you wait for the Mother of Dragons to return? Or will you you take up her flames yourselves? Will you fight for your own salvation, now that Queen Daenerys is not here to fight for you?
It's a problem
It's a problem
Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone in this city wants to murder you We can't fight an enemy we don't know
The Sons of the Harpy planned their attack in the fighting pits very carefully, which means they take orders from someone
And have you started looking for that someone?
My little birds have already taken wing Soon they'll return, singing songs of men in gold masks
Well, we won't be sailing to Westeros anytime soon
Always
If I lost my cock, I'd drink all the time
If I lost my cock, I'd drink all the time
Meaning no offense He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes
I do not make dwarf jokes
You think them
We are searching for the men who burned the ships, but nobody saw anything
Surely there's some good news lurking somewhere
Astapor and Yunkai have stopped asking us for aid
Perhaps they can tell us their secret
The Masters have retaken both cities Outside of Meereen, the whole of Slaver's Bay has returned to the slavers
What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid
They are not eating They haven't touched any food since Queen Daenerys left
Daenerys is the dragon queen Can't very well let the dragons starve, that's obvious
If a dragon does not want to eat, how do you force him to eat?
Dragons do not do well in captivity
How do you know this?
That's what I do I drink and I know things
That's what I do I drink and I know things
The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles Then Daenerys's ancestors started chaining them up in pens A few generations later, the last dragons were no larger than cats They must be unchained or they'll waste away Missandei, how many times were you in the company of these dragons?
Many times
And did they ever harm you?
Never
Dragons are intelligent More intelligent than men according to some maesters They have affection for their friends and fury for their enemies I am their friend
Do they know that?
They will It's time they had their supper
They will It's time they had their supper
I'm friends with your mother I'm here to help Don't eat the help
I'm friends with your mother I'm here to help Don't eat the help
When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day I begged him for one of you It wouldn't even have to be a big dragon,' I told him It could be little, like me
When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day I begged him for one of you It wouldn't even have to be a big dragon,' I told him It could be little, like me
Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago I cried myself to sleep that night
Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago I cried myself to sleep that night
But here you are
But here you are
Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face
Though I'm afraid we'll have to ask one of our leather-clad friends back in to carry it Far too heavy for me The boat sails at dawn You need to decide now A new life for you and Dom or
What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about?
What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about?
You speak 19 languages You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things
You speak 19 languages You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things
You two, you spend a great deal of time together What would you be talking about if I weren't here?
Patrol When I am going on patrol with the Unsullied What we see on patrol Who we captured on patrol
That's good That's very good
That's good That's very good
But that's a report I was thinking more of a conversation A wise man once said the truth history of the world is the history of great conversation in elegant rooms
Who said this?
Me Just now All right, no conversations Let's play a game
Me Just now All right, no conversations Let's play a game
You don't play games, either one of you, ever?
My master Kraznys would sometimes make us play games
There, that's a start
Only the girls
Oh no, no, no Not that, of course not that Innocent games, fun games, drinking games
We do not drink
Until you do
Until you do
Alright No drinking We can play without drinking It's a wonderful game I invented it Here's how it works I make a statement about your past If I'm wrong, I drink And if I'm right Maybe we can't play without drinking
Alright No drinking We can play without drinking It's a wonderful game I invented it Here's how it works I make a statement about your past If I'm wrong, I drink And if I'm right Maybe we can't play without drinking
Oh, you took your time
The good masters of Astapor And the wise masters of Yunkai With help from their friends in Volantis
You see? You don't even have to worry about the local rebellion We only have to worry about the three rich foreign cities paying for it
We conquered Asatapor and Yunkai once We will do it again and execute the Masters
If the Unsullied march off to reconquer Asatapor and Yunkai, who remain to defend the free people of Meereen?
We cannot The Masters only speak one language They spoke it to me for many years I know it better than my mother tongue If we want them to hear us, we must speak it back to them May it be the last thing they ever hear
You may be right
So we will fight them?
Possibly
Possibly?
It's a conversation
It's a conversation
Tell me, can the little birds get a message to the good Masters of Astapor, the wise Masters of Yunkai, the benevolent enslavers of Volantis?
You invite the enemy into our city?
I did As a clever man once told me, We make peace with our enemies, not our friends
I don't make peace with the queen's enemies I kill the queen's enemies
Yes, that's the military approach And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach
How many days were you a slave?
Long enough to know
I bought this dwarf for a single gold honor And somehow you've risen to the top of the Great Pyramid of Meereen It's most impressive
And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor.Here's to reversals of fortune
We came here to meet the queen and instead we're greeted by a dwarf and a eunuch
Let's make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want
We want you to leave Slaver's Bay Take your dragons and your mercenaries and go
Queen Daenerys won't stay in Meereen forever Her path takes her westward
You think you're a free man now? You still follow orders Just because your master has silver hair and tits doesn't mean she's not a master
Friends, friends, friends, please
Friends, friends, friends, please
There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing That is the way of the world I'm not here to change the way of the world
Slavery is the way of our world
You don't need slaves to make money There haven't been slaves in Westeros for hundreds of years and I grew up richer than any of you But our queen recognizes that she erred by abolishing slavery without providing a new system to replace it So here is the queen's proposal Slavery will never return to Meereen but she will give the other cities of Slaver's Bay time to adjust to the new order
What does that mean?
Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice
Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice
Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices In exchange, you will cut off your support for the Sons of the Harpy
We do not support the Sons of the Harpy
Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same I do hope you accept, my friends You will not receive a better offer
Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same I do hope you accept, my friends You will not receive a better offer
Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it And as a parting gift to our honored guests
Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it And as a parting gift to our honored guests
Give freedom a chance See if it doesn't taste every bit as good as what came before
Give freedom a chance See if it doesn't taste every bit as good as what came before
My friends! Large sorry you wait so fat time
We speak the Common Tongue
Excellent
You met with the slavers today
I did
Our brothers and sister died fighting these scum Now you invite them to our city and drink wine with them
I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled
I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled
But I am not your ruler I'm not the Breaker of Chains I'm not the Unburnt And I am certainly not the Mother of Dragons
You are a stranger here So why do you represent Meereen in these talks with our enemies?
Because our queen chose me as her advisor Until she returns from her travels -
When does she return?
Soon You have my word
We don't know you We don't trust you We know Torgo Nudho We fight with him against the Masters We trust him
And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations As commander of the Unsullied, he knows hot to defeat the slavers and he knows when it is time to make peace
You have made peace with the slavers?
We offered terms
Do not use me for your lies
Those men respect you
They respect me because they know who I am They know I am loyal
As do I
I am loyal to my queen, not you If you betray her work, you are my enemy
I am not betraying her work I am trying to save her city
You promised the slavers they could keep slavery
For a short time
Seven years is not a short time for a slave
You're right Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once War is a horror that should be ended at once I can't do both today
You are wrong to trust these men
I don't trust the Masters I trust their self-interest They're trustworthy if they're convinced that working with me is in their self-interest
You don't know them You don't understand them We are not human in their eyes They look at me and see a weapon They look at her and see a whore
They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast Their contempt is their weakness They'll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage
For now is the best we get in our profession
It's not enough
Considering the city was on the brink of civil war, I'd say it's a good start
It's not enough for Meereen to have peace They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it The Sons of the Harpy have a good story Resist the foreign invaders Our queen has an even better story Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and all that
The people know who brought them freedom
Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced
Sounds like quite the hero Where would we find him?
Who said anything about him'?
You stand in the presence of Kinvara, High Priestess of the Red Temple of Volantis, the Flame of Truth, the Light of Wisdom, the First Servant of the Lord of Light
Welcome to Meereen
Welcome to Meereen
That's about the extent of my Valyrian
That's about the extent of my Valyrian
Thank you for travelling all this way I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be
Thank you for travelling all this way I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be
The truth is we need your help We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to -
Daenerys Stormborn is the one who was promised From the fire she was reborn to remake the world
Yes
She has freed the slaves from their chains and crucified the Masters for their sins
She did indeed
Her dragons are fire made flesh, a gift from the Lord of Light But you heard all this before, haven't you? On the Long Bridge of Volantis The dragons will purify nonbelievers by the thousands, burning their sins and flesh away
Ideally we'd avoid purifying too many nonbelievers The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths
You want your queen to be worshipped and obeyed And while she's gone, you want her advisors to be worshipped and obeyed
I'd settle for obeyed
I will summon my most eloquent priests They will spread the word Daenerys has been sent to lead the people against the darkness in this war and in the great war still to come
That sounds most excellent -
A man named Stannis Baratheon was anointed as the chosen one by one of your priestesses He, too, had a glorious destiny He attacked King's Landing and was soundly defeated by the man standing beside me Last I had heard, he'd been defeated again, this time at Winterfell and this time for good
We'd be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen
And you, an honest servant of the lord, why should I trust you to know any more than the priestess who counseled Stannis?
My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen
From the fire she was reborn to remake the world Daenerys is a gift from the Lord of Light to her children If we are steadfast in our love for the Queen and her faithful advisors, no man will ever lock us in chains again
I'd call that a successful gambit
Would you?
Look around The city has come back to life
You made a pact with fanatics
I did and it worked
If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, you'd say the razor worked That doesn't mean it won't cut your throat
Spoken like a man who has never had to shave
Spoken like a man who has never had to shave
I'm going to miss you
I know
I hope you're right about this expedition of yours
We need friends in Westeros And we need ships
Most of all, we need our queen
I'll walk the rest of the way myself I can't go off on a secret mission in the company of the most famous dwarf in the city
Varys
Varys
The most famous dwarf in the world
You seem happy
I am happy You should both be as well Not so long ago, this city was ready to devour itself
I am happy You should both be as well Not so long ago, this city was ready to devour itself
Now it's like a man reborn
I will be happy when our queen returns
Why don't you drink? Why don't either of you ever drink?
Unsullied never drink
Why not?
Rules
And who made these rules? Your former masters?
And who made these rules? Your former masters?
Those miserable old shits didn't want you to be human Have a drink with me
Those miserable old shits didn't want you to be human Have a drink with me
And you? What's your excuse?
I have tried wine before It made me feel funny
That's how you know it's working
That's how you know it's working
Here's to our queen Anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen
Here's to our queen Anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen
To Daenerys Stormborn, Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains, long may she reign GREY WORM
Long may she reign
Do you like it?
Tastes like it has turned
Yes, yes Fermentation One day, after our queen has taken the Seven Kingdoms I'd like to have my own vineyard Make my own wine The Imp's Delight Only my close friends could drink it
Yes, yes Fermentation One day, after our queen has taken the Seven Kingdoms I'd like to have my own vineyard Make my own wine The Imp's Delight Only my close friends could drink it
Tell me a joke, Missandei of Naath
I do not know any jokes
Grey worm?
Grey worm?
Right Three lords walk into a tavern a Stark, a Martell, and a Lannister They order ale.
Right Three lords walk into a tavern a Stark, a Martell, and a Lannister They order ale.
but when the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts, Spit it out, you see shit Spit it out
but when the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts, Spit it out, you see shit Spit it out
It's funnier in Westeros
The Starks and the lannisters, i thought these were enemies
Yes
A joke is like a story, Torgo Nudho Not a true story, necessarily
A story that's supposed to make you laugh, ideally Not at the moment, perhaps
A story that's supposed to make you laugh, ideally Not at the moment, perhaps
Missandei, do you like the wine?
I do
Tell a joke
I am soldier all my life You think I never hear joke?
You lied to us
More jokes
I once walked into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass The madam says-
He died fighting, my lord
I was wrong I admit it
That changes nothing
The Unsullied could mount a defense off the beachhead If the slavers' forces-
No more talking from you Your talking gave us this
And I have acknowledged that I'm trying-
You're trying to tell me what the army should do You do not know what the army should do
All right, what should the army do?
We'll not go to the beach If we go to the beach, the Masters will take the pyramid The pyramid is the only place in the city we can defend We stay here
And then?
Finally a girl is no one
Despite appearances, I think you'll find the city's on the rise
Despite appearances, I think you'll find the city's on the rise
Perhaps we should take shelter
The city is on the rise?
Meereen is strong Commerce has returned to the markets The people are behind you
Meereen is strong Commerce has returned to the markets The people are behind you
Well, not all the people, of course No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters
Well, not all the people, of course No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters
it proves that no one needs a Master
Good Shall we begin?
Do we have a plan?
You don't approve?
You once told me you knew what your father was Did you know his plans for King's Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
You once told me you knew what your father was Did you know his plans for King's Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
Probably not Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me He had caches of wildfire hidden under the Red Keep, the Guildhalls, the Sept of Baelor, all the major thoroughfares He would have burned every one of his citizens The loyal ones and the trators Every man, woman, and child That's why Jaime killed him
This is entirely different
You're talking about destroying cities It's not entirely different I'd like to suggest an alternate approach
Once before, I offered you peace If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships Instead, you will flee Slaver's Bay on foot like the beggar queen you are
We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults
fight and die for the masters who would never fight and die for you, or go home to your families
Thank you for the armada Our queen does love ships Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact You violated that pact You declared war upon us Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven
Our queen insists that one of you must die as punishment for your crimes
It always seems a bit abstract, doesn't it, other people dying?
Please
Tell your people what happened here Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen
The one we've got
Last time we saw each other was at Winterfell, yes? You were making jokes about my height, I seem to recall Everyone who makes a joke about a dwarf's height thinks he's the only person ever to make a joke about a dwarf's height The height of nobility,' a man of your stature,' someone to look up to.' You're all making the same five or six jokes
It was a long time ago
It was And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather Can't imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well
And he paid for them
Doesn't seem like it He's still alive It was complicated for you, I'm sure, growing up at Winterfell Never quite knowing who you were But then, we all live complicated lives, don't we?
I'm not fit to rule
We can agree upon that at least
Will their ships be enough?
With the former Masters' fleet, possibly Barely There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet
He murdered our father and would have murdered us He'll murder you as soon as you have what he wants
The Seven Kingdoms
Reasonable
What if everyone starts demanding their independence?
Farewell, Daario Naharis
How did he take it?
No tears
I know it was hard for you You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms That's the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if it's any consolation
It's not
No, I suppose not I'm terrible at consoling
Yes, you really are
All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons Everything you've ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything It's all yours for the taking Are you afraid?
All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons Everything you've ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything It's all yours for the taking Are you afraid?
Good You're in the great game now And the great game's terrifying The only people who aren't afraid of failure are madmen like your father
Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me A man I thought I cared for And I felt nothing Just impatient to get on with it
He wasn't the first to love you and he won't be the last
Well, you have completely failed to console me
For what it's worth, I've been a cynic for as long as I can remember Everyone's always asking me to believe in things family, gods, kings, myself It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people So I said no, thank you to belief And yet here I am
For what it's worth, I've been a cynic for as long as I can remember Everyone's always asking me to believe in things family, gods, kings, myself It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people So I said no, thank you to belief And yet here I am
I believe in you It's embarrassing, really I'd swear you my sword, but I don't actually own a sword
It's your counsel I need
It's yours Now and always
Shall we begin?
On a night like this, you came into the world
I always thought this would be a homecoming It doesnt feel like home
We wont stay on Dragonstone for long
If Viserys had three dragons and an army at his back, hed have invaded Kings Landing already
Conquering Westeros would be easy for you But youre not here to be queen of the ashes
No
We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse If the great houses support your claim against Cersei, the game is won With the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the south
So you took it upon yourself to find a better one
Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who-
To keep yourself alive
Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant
Your Grace, forgive me, but your translation is not quite accurate That noun has no gender in High Valyrian, so the proper translation for that prophecy would be the prince or princess who was promised will bring the dawn
Doesnt really roll off the tongue, does it?
Prophecies are dangerous things I believe you have a role to play, as does another ing in the North, Jon Snow
Jon Snow? Ned Starks bastard?
You know him?
I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Nights Watch
Summon Jon Snow Let him stand before you and tell you things that have happened to him, the things that he has seen with his own eyes
I cant speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character
I cant speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character
If he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his brother Jon Snow has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do
If you want the Iron Throne, take it We have an army, a fleet, and three dragons We should hit Kings Landing now Hard With everything we have The city will fall within a day
If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms
Its called war You dont have the stomach for it, scurry back into hiding
I know how you wage war We dont poison little girls here Myrcella was innocent
We will lay siege to the capital surrounding the city on all sides Cersei will have the Iron Throne but no food for her army or the people
But we wont use Dothraki and Unsullied
But we wont use Dothraki and Unsullied
Cersei will try to rally the lords of Westeros by appealing to their loyalty, their love for their country If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point Our army should be Westerosi
And I suppose were providing the Westerosi?
You are
You are
Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to Kings Landing
Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to Kings Landing
The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell army Two great kingdoms united against Cersei
So, your master plan is to use our armies? Forgive me for asking, but why did you bother to bring your own?
The unsullied will have another objective For decades House Lannister has been the true power in Westeros And the seat of that power is Casterly Rock Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock and take it
Ah, come on your cockless hound I have her Come and get her
The bastard of Winterfell
The dwarf of Casterly Rock
I believe we last saw each other on top of the wall
You were pissing off the edge, if I remember right You picked up some scars along the road
Its been a long road But were both still here
Its been a long road But were both still here
Im Tyrion Lannister
Davos Seaworth and DAVOS shake hands
Ah, the Onion Knight We fought on opposite sides at the Battle of Blackwater Bay
Unluckily for me
Missandei is the queens most trusted advisor
This place has changed
And Sansa, I hear shes alive and well
She is
Does she miss me terribly?
Does she miss me terribly?
A sham marriage and unconsummated
I didnt ask -
Well, it was It wasnt Anyway, shes much smarter than she lets on
Shes starting to let on
Good At some point I want to hear how a Knights Watch recruit became King in the North
As long as you tell me how a Lannister became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen
A long and bloody tale To be honest, I was drunk for most of it
My bannermen think Im a fool for coming here
Of course they do If I was your hand I would have advised against it General rule of thumb, Stark men dont fare well when they travel south
True But Im not a Stark
Id say you get used to them, but you never really do
Id say you get used to them, but you never really do
Come Their mother is waiting for you
Forgive me -
Your Grace, this is Ser Davos Seaworth
No Of course not But still, an oath is an oath In perpetuity means what does perpetuity mean, Lord Tyrion?
Forever
Not to defeat Cersei You could storm Kings Landing tomorrow and the city would fall Hell, we almost took it and we didnt even have dragons
Almost
You told me you liked this man
I do
In the time since hes met me hes refused to call me queen, hes refused to bow and now hes calling me a child
I believe hes calling all of us children Figure of speech
The Army of the Dead is on the march
The Army of the Dead?
You dont know me well, My Lord, but do you think I am a liar or a madman?
No, I dont think youre either of those things
Youll be ruling over a graveyard if we dont defeat the Night King
The war against my sister has already begun You cant expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting -
The war against my sister has already begun You cant expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting -
whatever you saw beyond the wall
If we dont put asside our enmities and band together we will die And then it doesnt matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne
If it doesnt matter you might as well kneel
If it doesnt matter you might as well kneel
Swear your allegiance to Queen Daenerys Help her to defeat my sister and together our armies will protect the north
Theres no time for that Theres no time for any of this While we stand here debating -
It takes no time to bend the knee Pledge your sword to her cause
Give me a fortnight Stay in Kings Landing as my honored guest and when you return to Braavos I swear to you my debt will be paid in full
I came out here to brood over my failure to predict the Greyjoy attack Youre making it difficult You look a lot better brooding than I do You make me feel like Im failing at brooding over failing
Im a prisoner on this island
I wouldnt say youre a prisoner on this island Youre free to walk the castle, the beaches, to go wherever you want
Except to my ship They took my ship
I wouldnt say we took your ship
Im not playing word games with you The dead are coming for us all
Why dont you figure out what to do about my missing fleet and murdered allies, and Ill figure out what to do about your walking dead men
You probably dont believe me
I do actually
You didnt before Grumpkins and snarks you called them Do you remember? You said it was all nonsense
It was all nonsense Everybody knew it But then Mormont saw them and you saw them, and I trust the eyes of an honest man more than I trust what everybody knows
How do I convince people who dont know me that an enemey they dont believe in is coming to kill them all?
Good question
I know its a good question Im looking for an answer
Peoples minds arent made for problems that large White Walkers, the Night King, Army of the Dead, its almost a relief to confront a familiar monster like my sister
I need to help prepare my people for whats coming I cant help them from here Id like to leave
It seems unlikely that you became King in the North by giving up that easily
Everyone told me to learn from my fathers mistakes Dont go south Dont answer a summons from the Mad Kings daughter, a foreign invader And here I am A northern fool
Children are not their fathers, luckily for all of us And sometimes theres more to foreign invaders than northern fools that meets the eye Daenerys could have sailed for Westeros long ago but she didnt Instead she stayed where she was and saved many people from horrible fates some of whom are on this island with us right now While youre our guest here you might consider asking them what they think of the Mad Kings daughter She protects people from monsters, just as you do Thats why she came here And shes not about to head north to fight an enemy shes never seen on a word of a man she doesnt know after a single meeting Thats not a reasonable thing to ask
Children are not their fathers, luckily for all of us And sometimes theres more to foreign invaders than northern fools that meets the eye Daenerys could have sailed for Westeros long ago but she didnt Instead she stayed where she was and saved many people from horrible fates some of whom are on this island with us right now While youre our guest here you might consider asking them what they think of the Mad Kings daughter She protects people from monsters, just as you do Thats why she came here And shes not about to head north to fight an enemy shes never seen on a word of a man she doesnt know after a single meeting Thats not a reasonable thing to ask
So do you have anything reasonable to ask?
What do you mean?
Maybe you are a northern fool Im asking if theres something I can do to help you
Dragonglass?
Yes Volcanic glass, obsidian He says you have a tremendous amount of it here
Why are we talking about glass? We just lost two of our allies
Which is why I was speaking to Jon Snow, a potential ally
And what does the King in the North want with Dragonglass?
Apparently it can be turned into weapons that kill White Walkers and their foot soldiers, or stop them, destroy them Im unsure of the nomenclature
And what do you think of this Army of the Dead and White Walkers and Night Kings?
Id very much like to believe that Jon Snow is wrong, but a wise man once said that you should never believe a thing simply because you want to believe it
Which wise man said this?
I dont remember
Are you trying to present your own statements as ancient wisdom?
I would never do that to you The reason I believe Jon Snow is because hes here All of his advisors would have told him not to come I would have told him not to come, yet hes here anyway You dont have to believe him Let him mine the Dragonglass If hes wrong its worthless You didnt even know it was here Its nothing to you Give him something by giving him nothing Take a step toward a more productive relationship with a possible ally Keep him occupied while we focus on the task at hand Casterly Rock
What was that Ser Davos said about taking a knife in the heart for his people? Did you notice that?
You must allow them their flights of fancy Its dreary in the north
Im not talking about sending our ships after him
But youll have to go yourself Eurons ships could be anywhere or in more than one place Youd be flying around the open seas alone for who knows how long
They can still do something to you It only takes one arrow
Its too great a risk Youre too important
A difficult situation They know were coming
Yes Cersei believes my sole purpose in life is to destroy House Lannister She will be ready
Yes Cersei believes my sole purpose in life is to destroy House Lannister She will be ready
No one has ever taken the rock
No one has ever taken the rock
The Lannister army is still the army my father built Well trained and well provisioned 10,000 men at least They will see us coming
The Lannister army is still the army my father built Well trained and well provisioned 10,000 men at least They will see us coming
They will be ready
Draw! Loose
The gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable
The gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable
The fight up the walls will be hard Well be at a disadvantage Many men will die
The fight up the walls will be hard Well be at a disadvantage Many men will die
Interesting thing about my father He built our house up from near ruin He built our army He built Casterly Rock as we know it, but he didnt build the sewers That was beneath him So he gave the job to the lowest person he could find Me He was right I was low The company I kept low, women mostly They werent welcome at the Rock Father disapproved of that sort of behavior I couldnt walk them through the front gates I couldnt have them in my chambers So in the process of building the sewers I threw in something for myself
Interesting thing about my father He built our house up from near ruin He built our army He built Casterly Rock as we know it, but he didnt build the sewers That was beneath him So he gave the job to the lowest person he could find Me He was right I was low The company I kept low, women mostly They werent welcome at the Rock Father disapproved of that sort of behavior I couldnt walk them through the front gates I couldnt have them in my chambers So in the process of building the sewers I threw in something for myself
It was a passage that began by the sea and ended beneath one of the main guard towers
It was a passage that began by the sea and ended beneath one of the main guard towers
No better place for low pursuits Casterly Rock, the impregnable fortress
No better place for low pursuits Casterly Rock, the impregnable fortress
As a good friend of mine once said, give me 10 good men and Ill impregnate the bitch
As a good friend of mine once said, give me 10 good men and Ill impregnate the bitch
And so it begins They will face the bulk of the Lannister forces They will be outnumbered They will have less armor and fewer weapons
And so it begins They will face the bulk of the Lannister forces They will be outnumbered They will have less armor and fewer weapons
But as my sisters armies fights for her, the Unsullied will be fighting for something greater They will be fighting for freedom and the person who gave it to them They will be fighting for you And that is why they will triump
What is it?
We took Casterly Rock
You will stay All my allies are gone Theyve been taken from me while Ive been sitting here on this island
We still have the largest army
Who wont be able to eat because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach
Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland Commit to the blockade of Kings Landing We have a plan Its still the right plan stops walking, turns and speaks harshly to Tyrion
The right plan? Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands and the Reach
If Ive underestimated our enemies -
I have three large dragons Im going to fly them to the Red Keep
Weve discussed this
My enemies are in the Red Keep What kind of a queen am I if Im not willing to risk my life to fight them?
A smart one looks over to JON SNOW
Dracarys! Before DROGON can send flames, BRONN fires a bolt that strikes DROGON in the wing DROGON begins to pinwheel out of control towards the ground BRONN is smiling He whips the machine around and begins reloading DAENERYS and DROGON are falling from the sky DROGON regains control and begins hovering over the river BRONN realizes he doesnt have time to reload and dives out of the way of the incoming dragonfire DROGON spits flames at the machine and instantly destroys it Flames lick over BRONN but he is uninjured DROGON is forced to land on the edge of the river due to his wound DAENERYS climbs from her mount and rushes to pull the spear from DROGONs wing JAIME is 100 yards from DAENERYS watching her She is all alone JAIME sees a spear sticking out of a dead man spots JAIME across the battlefield
Flee, you idiot looks at DAENERYS and readies himself He spurs his horse onward
I already have a queen
My sister, she wasnt your queen until recently though, was she, until she murdered your rightful queen and destroyed House Tyrell for all time So it appears your allegiances are somewhat flexible
You will not trade your honor for your life I respect that turns to speak to DAENERYS
Perhaps he could take the black, Your Grace Whatever else he is, he is a true soldier He would be invaluable at the Wall
Im Dickon Tarley, son of Randyll Tarley
You are the future of your house This war has already wiped one great house from the world Dont let it happen again Bend the knee looks to RANDYLL RANDYLL nods to his son
I will not turns to speak to DAENERYS He speaks softly so no one but the queen can hear
Your Grace, nothing strips bold notions from a mans head like a few weeks in a dark cell
I meant what I said Im not here to put men in chains If that becomes an option many will take it I gave them a choice They made it
Your Grace, if you begin beheading entire families -
Im not beheading anyone pauses and looks over the DROGON DRGON roars and shakes his head and flexes his wings
Your Grace looks to her Dothraki escort and gives a signal The men grab RANDYLL and DICKON and walk them over to DROGON RANDYLL takes DICKON by the arm
Right The ravenry was falling apart last time I checked VARYS an are sitting on the stairs of the Throne Room alone VARYS has a sealed raven scroll in his hand tapping it on the stone is drinking a glass of wine having a discussion with VARYS
All rulers demand that people bend the knee Its why theyre rulers She gave Tarley a choice A man who had taken up arms against her What else could she do?
Not burn him alive alongside his son
I am her hand, not her head I cant make her decisions for her
Its what I told myself when I watched them beg for mercy, Im not the one doing it As the pitch of their screams rose higher, Im not the one doing it When their hair caught fire and the smell of the burning flesh filled the Thone Room, Im not the one doing it VARYS drinks again and sets the cup down next t picks it up
Daenerys is not her father
And she never will be with the right counsel You need to find a way to make her listen looks down at the note in VARYSs hand
Who is that for?
Jon Snow
Did you read it?
Its a sealed scroll for the King in the North pauses and drinks from his cup of wine
Whats it say?
And give the country to Cersei? As soon as I march away she marches in
Perhaps not Cersei thinks the Army of the Dead is nothing but a story made up by wet nurses to frighten children What if we prove her wrong?
I dont think shell come see the dead at my invitation begins walking around the table closer to JON
So bring the dead to her
I thought that was what we are trying to avoid
We dont have to bring the whole army Only one soldier
The first White I ever saw was brought into Castle Black from beyond the Wall
Bring one of these things down to Kings Landing and show her the truth
Anything you bring back will be useless unless Cersei grants us an audience and is somehow convinced not to murder us the moment we set foot in the capital
The only person she listens to is Jaime He may listen to me
My lady ARYA exits the room BEACH DAVOS an are standing on the beach of Kings Landing DAVOS is securing a small row boat is looking up towards the city walls
Last time I was here I killed my father with a crossbow
Theres a path to the left that hugs the cliff The guards hardly ever patrol it Too many steps begins walking towards the path DAVOS follows him and quickly takes the lead stops and looks back towards the unattended boat
Youre not staying here?
Ive got my own business in Flea Bottom
What if someone takes the boat?
Ill leave you to it BRONN turns and walks away leaving JAIME an alone
I needed to see you and I knew youd never agree to meet JAIME remains silent and stares a
I needed to see you and I knew youd never agree to meet JAIME remains silent and stares a
You made me look like a complete fool I thought Id surprise you by hitting Casterly Rock, but you were three steps ahead of me You abandoned the family home Completely unsentimental Father would have been proud
Dont talk about our father
Listen to me -
I once told Bronn that if I ever saw you again Id cut you in half glances down at the sword in JAIMEs hand
It would take you awhile with a sparring sword JAIME shakes his head and says nothing
It would take you awhile with a sparring sword JAIME shakes his head and says nothing
He was going to execute me He knew I was innocent He didnt hate me because of anything I did, he hated me because of what I am The little monster sent to punish him Do you think I wanted to be born this way? Did he think I chose -
What do you want?
Daenerys will win this war Youre a military man You must know there is no way around it Daenerys is not her father Shes even willing to suspend hostilities if Cersei agrees to certain terms
You want Cersei to bend the knee you can ask her yourself
I I dont Daenerys doesnt Not right now anyway She has a more important request FLEA BOTTOM Men are in the market selling their wares A blacksmith sharpens a sword on a grinding wheel is walking through the market glancing around A man in a blacksmith shop pulls a sword from the fire and begins to hammer it on his anvil walks into the shop
Where did you get that scar?
Fish hook Some men you just cant teach
This is Gendry
Hell do The men grab onto the boat and begin to push it into the water
Yeah Nobody mind me All Ive ever done is live to a ripe old age Two landing boats are sitting on the beach surrounded by two groups of men A large sailboat is anchored in the bay JORAH places his sword and a case of Dragonglass into the boat walks down the beach and stands next to JORAH
You may not believe it, but Ive missed you Mormont Nobody glowers quite like you Not even Grey Worm retrieves a gold coin from his pocket and turns it in his hands
You may not believe it, but Ive missed you Mormont Nobody glowers quite like you Not even Grey Worm retrieves a gold coin from his pocket and turns it in his hands
This is the coin the slaver gave me when I suggested he free us and pay us Remember?
It was supposed to last us the rest of our lives smiles and hands the coin to JORAH
Take it with you Youll bring it back Our queen needs you JORAH nods to TYRION appears and walks up to JORAH
Do you know what I like about you turns to look at DAENERYS
I honestly dont
Youre not a hero
Oh Ive been heroic on occasion DAENERYS walks over to the fire and sits in the chair opposite fro
Oh Ive been heroic on occasion DAENERYS walks over to the fire and sits in the chair opposite fro
I once charged through the mud gate of Kings Landing
I dont want you to be a hero Heroes do stupid things and they die Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all try to outdo each other of who can do the stupidist, bravest thing
Its interesting these heroes you name Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all fell in love with you
How many people live here?
A million, give or take
Thats more people than the entire North crammed into that Why would anyone want to live that way?
Theres more work in the city And the brothels are far superior
Dragons dont understand the difference between what is theirs and what isnt Land, livestock, children Letting them roam free around a city was a problem
I imagine it was a sad joke at the end An entire arena for a few sickly creatures smaller than dogs But in the beginning, when it was home to Balerion the Dread, it must have been the most dangerous place in the world
Ive been sent to escort you all to the meeting
A pleasant surprise in an unpleasant situation
I never thought Id see you again, my lord
Supporting the enemy, no less
Hard to blame you
Cersei will anyway
It wont be me
Here we are the heroes of Blackwater Bay Strange place for a reunion
It is, my lord
I dont think Im anyones lord anymore, Podrick Save the titles for Ser Bronn of the Blackwater
Im sure your new queen-
Youve been thinking about our new queen
Dont you worry about me Im doing all right Looking after myself
Are you? Helping me to arrange this meeting wasnt exactly looking after yourself, was it? You put yourself at risk
I put yourself at risk Important difference Its your head Queen Cerseis offered a bag of gold for, its not mine Now, thanks to me, shes got two traitors heads coming right through her door She can lop them both off as soon as she gets tired of the clever words that pour out their pieholes All thanks to Ser Bronn of the fucking Blackwater If thats not looking after myself, I dont know what is
Its good to see you again
I left this shit city because I didnt want to die in it Am I going to die in this shit city?
You might
And this is all your idea Seems every bad idea has some Lannister cunt behind it
And some Clegane cunt to help them see it through
Where is she?
Shell be here soon
Didnt travel with you?
No
My apologies
We are all facing a unique
Theon! I have your sister
I think we ought to begin with larger concerns
Then why are you talking? Youre the smallest concern here
Do you remember when we discussed dwarf jokes? His wasnt even good He explained it at the end Never explain It always ruins it
Sit down or leave
We are a group of people who do not like one another, as this recent demonstration has shown We have suffered at each others hands We have lost people we love at each others hands If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering We are entirely capable of waging war against each other without meeting face-to-face
So instead, we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days?
We all know that will never happen
The word of a would-be usurper
There is no conversation that will erase the last 50 years We have something to show you
I know
Im pleased you bent the knee to our queen
Im not going to swear an oath I cant uphold Talk about my father
That is indeed a problem The more immediate problem is that were fucked
Any ideas as to how we might change that state of affairs?
Only one Everyone stays here, and I go and talk to my sister
I didnt come all this way to have my Hand
I dont want Cersei to murder me either I could have stayed in my cell and saved a great deal of trouble
I did this I should go
Shell definitely murder you I go see my sister
Shell definitely murder you I go see my sister
You spoke with her?
At her until she kicked me out She thinks I was an idiot to trust you A lot of people seem to think that, actually
Im about to step into a room with the most murderous woman in the world whos already tried to kill me twice, that I know of Whos an idiot?
I shouldnt be surprised, I suppose Shes your kind of woman a foreign whore who doesnt know her place
A foreign whore you cant abduct, beat, or intimidate That must be difficult for you
So you bring her here with her pet Northerner, whom youve convinced to bow down before her
I didnt know about that
And now youve got them both working towards the same goal, the goal youve worked towards your entire life
Cersei, I didnt know
the destruction of this family
I am the one preventing that from happening Daenerys didnt want to debate and negotiate She didnt want to bring you words She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise I dont want to destroy our family I never have
You killed our father
After he sentenced me to death for a crime I didnt commit, yes, I killed him Hate me for it if you want I hate myself for it in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me
Oh, poor little man Your papa was mean to you Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen No one wouldve touched them if Father-
I have never been more sorry about anything
I will not hear it
All right You love your family, and I have destroyed it I will always be a threat So put an end to me
All right You love your family, and I have destroyed it I will always be a threat So put an end to me
If it werent for me, youd have a motherIf it werent for me, youd have a father
If it werent for me, youd have a motherIf it werent for me, youd have a father
I am more sorry about the children than you could ever know
I will not
I dont care I loved them You know I did You know it in your heart if theres anything left of it
It doesnt matter Your love doesnt matter Your feelings dont matter I dont care why you did what you did I only care what it cost us It cost us our future
If theres no future, then why are we here? Why did you allow me to come?
Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction
Yes, no, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something
What did you hope for? To make Jon Snow submit to your queen
Mm, not like this
But eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her
Yes
Why?
Because I think she will make the world a better place
You said shed destroy Kings Landing
She knows herself She chose an advisor who would check her worst impulses instead of feeding them
That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means And when it came at me, I didnt think about the world Not at all As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea Get on a boat, take those who matter
Youre pregnant
